This fascinating 1945 newsreel shows the battle for the Philippines, as U.S. forces under the command of General Douglas MacArthur launch an assault on the island of Leyte. The battle resulted in a U.S. and Filipino victory. The Allies had taken control of all strategically and economically important locations of Luzon by March 1945, although pockets of Japanese resistance held out in the mountains until the unconditional surrender of Japan. While not the highest in US casualties, it is the highest net casualty battle US forces fought in World War Two, with 192,000 to 205,000 Japanese combatants killed, 8,000 Americans combatants killed, and between 120,000 to 140,000 Filipino civilians and combatants killed. The newsreel has some fascinating moments including images of the liberation of Japanese prisoner of war camps, and the wholesale destruction of the City of Manila -- which the Japanese refused to abandon. Much of the City of Manila was destroyed in the conflict. The second half of the newsreel shows the Battle for Iwo Jima. The Battle of Iwo Jima (19 February – 26 March 1945), or Operation Detachment, was a major battle in which the United States Armed Forces fought for and captured the island of Iwo Jima from the Japanese Empire during World War II. The American invasion had the goal of capturing the entire island, along with its three airfields (including the South Field and the Central Field), to provide a staging area for attacks on the Japanese main islands. This five-week battle comprised some of the fiercest and bloodiest fighting of the War in the Pacific of World War II. 0:00 Main titles. Hundreds of US fighting ships dominate the South China Sea. American air power controls the skies of the Orient while Navy flyers strike Japanese shipping in Manila Bay. 0:40 Invasion of Luzon. General MacArthur makes a surprise move by striking at Lingayen Gulf. The flag is raised as howitzers begin their southward advance toward Manila, following the same route as the 1942 retreat to Bataan. 1:38 Advancing on Manila. Spearheads overrun Clark Field. Heavy field guns go into action as troops cross the Pampanga River. The 11th Airborne Division drops into Pangasinan Province to tighten the circle around the capital. 2:26 The 1st Cavalry Division bursts into the city outskirts. Filipino citizens begin rounding up collaborationists. The 37th Division enters, with MacArthur's immediate concern being the captives in Bilibid Prison. 3:01 The Battle for Manila. Japanese troops hold the city south of the Pasig River and begin spreading fires throughout the Escolta section. Tens of thousands of Filipino families are displaced or killed by fire and atrocities. 3:45 American forces hammer fortified nests. Street-by-street combat continues as civilians provide refreshments to troops. Demolitions and house-to-house clearing eventually route the enemy. 4:30 The old walled city (Intramuros) is overcome. Church bells ring to herald the end of the battle. MacArthur is welcomed at the liberated Santo Tomas internment camp. 5:14 Objective: Iwo Jima. Commentator Len Sterling describes the assault on the eight-square-mile volcanic island. For 72 days, the island is shelled and bombed by the fleet. 5:51 H-Hour at Iwo Jima. The Navy lands the 4th and 5th Marine Divisions on the southeastern beaches under a heavy barrage. An LCI (Landing Craft Infantry) takes a direct hit as Japanese defenders find the range. 6:40 Marines land on cindery volcanic sand. Mount Suribachi, heavily fortified with hidden gun emplacements, is pounded by shellfire as the success of the invasion hangs in the balance. 7:19 Struggle for Motoyama Airfield. Tanks and amphibians struggle to gain traction in the loose volcanic soil. Marines engage in frontal assaults against Japanese trenches and dugouts, moving inch by inch. 8:12 Eliminating Resistance. Action footage shows Japanese soldiers being blasted from trenches. Flame-throwing tanks move in to eliminate defenders in caves and pillboxes who refuse to surrender. 9:02 Very few prisoners are taken, but those captured are interrogated by Intelligence Officers for vital battle information. 9:20 The American flag rises over the battlefield of Iwo Jima, a key position only 675 miles from Japan. This film is part of the Periscope Film LLC archive, one of the largest historic military, transportation, and aviation stock footage collections in the USA. Entirely film backed, this material is available for licensing in 24p HD and 2K. For more information visit http://www.PeriscopeFilm.com Motion picture films don't last forever; many have already been lost or destroyed. We collect, scan and preserve 35mm, 16mm and 8mm movies -- including home movies, industrial films, and other non-fiction. If you have films you'd like to have scanned or donate to Periscope Film, we'd love to hear from you. Contact us via the link below.