Leaked U.S. Army Document Outlines Plan For Re-Education Camps In America Political activists would be pacified to sympathize with the government A leaked U.S. Army document prepared for the Department of Defense contains shocking plans for âpolitical activistsâ to be pacified by "PSYOP officers" into developing an "appreciation of U.S. policies" while detained in prison camps inside the United States . The document, entitled FM 3-39.40 Internment and Resettlement Operations (PDF available here) was originally released on a restricted basis to the DoD in February 2010, but was leaked online. The manual outlines policies for processing detainees into internment camps both globally and inside the United States. International agencies like the UN and the Red Cross are named as partners in addition to domestic federal agencies including the Department of Homeland Security and FEMA. The document makes it clear that the policies apply âwithin U.S. territoryâ and involve, "DOD support to U.S. civil authorities for domestic emergencies, and for designated law enforcement and other activities," including "man-made disasters, accidents, terrorist attacks and incidents in the U.S. and its territories." The manual states, "These operations may be performed as domestic civil support operations," and adds that "The authority to approve resettlement such operations within U.S. territories," would require a "special exception" to The Posse Comitatus Act, which can be obtained via âthe President invoking his executive authority." The document also makes reference to identifying detainees using their "social security number." Aside from enemy combatants and other classifications of detainees, the manual includes the designation of "civilian internees," in other words citizens who are detained for, "security reasons, for protection, or because he or she committed an offense against the detaining power." Once the detainees have been processed into the internment camp, the manual explains how they will be "indoctrinated," with a particular focus on targeting political dissidents , into expressing support for U.S. policies. The re-education process is the responsibility of the "Psychological Operations Officer," whose job it is to design "PSYOP products that are designed to pacify and acclimate detainees or DCs to accept U.S. I/R facility authority and regulations," according to the document. The manual lists the following roles that are designated to the "PSYOP team". - Identifies malcontents, trained agitators, and political leaders within the facility who may try to organize resistance or create disturbances. - Develops and executes indoctrination programs to reduce or remove antagonistic attitudes . - Identifies political activists. - Provides loudspeaker support (such as administrative announcements and facility instructions when necessary). - Helps the military police commander control detainee and DC populations during emergencies. - Plans and executes a PSYOP program that produces an understanding and appreciation of U.S. policies and actions. Remember, this is not restricted to insurgents in Iraq who are detained in prison camps - the manual makes it clear that the policies also apply "within U.S. territory" under the auspices of the DHS and FEMA . The document adds that, "Resettlement operations may require large groups of civilians to be quartered temporarily (less than 6 months) or semipermanently (more than 6 months)."