Taxi Driver is a 1976 American film directed by Martin Scorsese, written by Paul Schrader, and starring Robert De Niro, Jodie Foster, Cybill Shepherd, Harvey Keitel, Peter Boyle, Leonard Harris, and Albert Brooks. Set in a decaying and morally bankrupt New York City following the Vietnam War, the film follows Travis Bickle, a taxi driver and veteran, and his mental state as he works nights in the city. With The Wrong Man (1956) and A Bigger Splash (1973) as inspiration, Scorsese wanted the film to feel like a dream to audiences. With cinematographer Michael Chapman, filming began in the summer of 1975 in New York City, with actors taking pay cuts to complete the project on a low budget of $1.9 million. Production concluded that same year, with a score being composed by Bernard Herrmann in his final score before his death; the film is dedicated to him. At the 1976 Cannes Film Festival, Taxi Driver was awarded the Palme d'Or. The film was theatrically released by Columbia Pictures on February 8, 1976, where it was a critical and commercial success despite generating controversy at the time for its depiction of violence and casting of a 12-year-old Foster in the role of a child prostitute. At the 49th Academy Awards, it received four nominations, including for Best Picture, Best Actor (for De Niro), and Best Supporting Actress (for Foster). In 2012, Sight & Sound named it the 31st-best film ever in its decennial critics' poll, ranked with The Godfather Part II, and the fifth-greatest film of all time on its directors' poll. The film was considered "culturally, historically or aesthetically" significant by the US Library of Congress and was selected for preservation in the National Film Registry in 1994. 《的士司機》（英語：Taxi Driver，中國大陸譯《出租車司機》，台灣譯《計程車司機》）是1976年由馬田·史高西斯執導，保羅·許瑞德編劇的美國新黑色心理驚悚電影，由羅拔·迪尼路和茱蒂·霍士特主演。本片備受電影愛好者尊崇，以其優秀的演出和直析的寫實主義風格而受到讚揚，被認作是馬田·史高西斯的經典作品，亦被認為是有史以來最偉大的電影之一。本片兩位主角羅拔·迪尼路與茱蒂·霍士特也因片中精彩的演出備受讚譽；後者於本片上映時更僅有十三歲。本片同時也是知名作曲家伯納德·赫爾曼生前完成的最後一部電影配樂。本片並題獻予伯納德·赫爾曼，以紀念其貢獻。