My maternal Grandmother was kidnapped from the city of Canton when she was 5 or 6 years old. She was taken to America to be raised as a prostitute. When she arrived in San Francisco, she was sold to a house of prostitution. Whilethere, an elderly man saw her. He purchased her and brought her home. There, he raised her until she was 15 years old, and then he made her his wife. This man was my grandfather. She bore him 9 children and the 9th was my mother. The first five children were boys and the next four were girls. The photograph depicting the family together shows both parents and the nine children. I believe this photograph was taken in about 1921, which makes this photograph just over 100 years old. (Incidentally, the silver gelatin print, which this photograph is, has an estimated life span of over 4,000 years. That is, it is believed that there will still be informational detail in a silver gelatin print fi it is kept for 4,000 years. The original print can be found framed in this exhibit.) Included in the group are the two eldest sons' wives (seated), who, presumably, married my uncles after they arrived in China. The youngest daughter in the center is my mother; she was born in 1920 in San Francisco. All nine children were born in San Francisco which made it possible for them to later return to America. The story I was told was that the gold my grandfather saved from his many years in America was sewn into a long coat which the eldest son wore on the ship on the family's trip back to China. He was not allowed to remove the coat for any reason. The gold was used to purchase a house in the village where my grandfather was born. When the money ran short, my grandfather sent his sons back to America in order to earn more money to send back home. My mother told me that when they arrived in Canton City, my grandmother's brother recognized her as his long-lost sister. He said that she was taken when she was a little girl and she had a mark on the back of her neck. Indeed, my grandmother did have a mark on her neck. This uncle hung around the family for years until they left for America. He was an artist and he painted a portrait of my grandparents so that they would not forget their home in China. The portrait was left unfinished as the Japanese were descending on China, and it was just a matter of time before they reached the area of Canton. My mother said that this uncle was very kind to her and the family, and he never asked for anything from them. He, obviously, was not able to come to America with them. He asked my mother, when she was quite young, what she wanted him to paint for her, she told him she wanted a picture of a horse. He painted the famous warrior general, Quan Guong, on horseback for her. That painting was completed and now rests in my brother's house. It is here at this exhibit. Since they were all born in San Francisco, the siblings had no issues when coming back to America. The brothers' wives were also allowed to come to America, with the exception of my fourth aunt. She married my 4th uncle too late, and the Chinese exclusion act had already been passed. My fourth aunt had to remain on Angel Island for about a year's time, and eventually she had to return to the village in China. She remained there until she passed away in the 1970s. My mother told me that the day she sailed off was one of the saddest days of her life. Mom visited my 4th Aunt twice in China and when 4th aunt passed, my mother told me that there was no longer any reason to return to China.