Artist: Coil Source: These tracks were taken from DVDs 15 & 16 of Colour Sound Oblivion, they are called "The Coil Reconstruction Kit". Essentially these are the backing tracks that make up the backbone live show. The tracklisting on the CSO DVD set for these two discs is sometimes inaccurate, it has been fixed here. Lineage: DVD (16bit 48khz lpcm) &gt; wav via DVD Decrypter &gt; flac via foobar2000 &gt; mkv via mkvtoolnix &gt; flac via mkv merge &gt; wav via foobar2000 &gt; separated into track by track wavs via Adobe Premiere CC &gt; flac via foobar2000. Lineage is entirely lossless, entirely 16bit 48khz. During track separation dead audio between songs was carefully removed, no beginning or end of tracks have been cutoff. The CC license of this release is printed on the artwork cover. Notes found on the internet: None of the “Time Machines”-era backing tracks appear on the Coil Reconstruction Kit, though they are bootlegged on the Barcelona Aural Backdrop. Most of the Black Antlers material isn’t here, either, possibly because the Black Antlers album itself was seen as an unfinished demo at the time and most of the tracks there basically stand as backing audio tracks for the live shows. “Wraiths and Strays” isn’t included due to copyright, as it is sourced from a sample of the King of Woolworths song “Montparnesse.” Several other songs the band played live were not included either, including “Zwolf” from 1999, “Sipping Birdsong Through Bedsprings,” most of the songs played at ATP (2003-04-06), most of the songs from the “Without John” phase in 2003, and some of the songs played at Dublin (2004-10-23). Reconstruction Kit 1. Something / Higher Beings Command 2. Amethyst Deceivers (Version 1) 3. Titan Arch 4. What Kind of Animal Are You? 5. Blood from the Air 6. I Am the Green Child 7. Constant Shallowness Leads to Evil 8. Anarcadia: All Horned Animals 9. Amethyst Deceivers (Version 2) 10. Slur 11. A Cold Cell (Studio Version) 12. Broccoli 13. Paranoid Inlay 14. Sick Mirrors (Live, Alte Spinnerei, 2002-04-13) 15. A.Y.O.R. 16. Backwards 17. I Am Angie Bowie (Sine Waves) 18. The Last Rites of Spring 19. Are You Shivering? 20. Moulin Blanc 21. A Warning from the Sun 22. ANS 23. I Don't Want to Be the One 24. Ostia (Massimo's Version) 25. An Unearthly Red 26. The First Five Minutes After Death 27. Tattooed Man 28. Lake View 29. A Slip in the Marylebone Road 30. Triple Sons and the One You Bury (Version 1) 31. Blue Rats 32. The Beginning is Always the End (White Rainbow) 33. Unhappy Rabbits 34. Tom's Radio Weston (really a version 2 of Triple Sons and the One You Bury) 35. Going Up DVD 15 – Tracks 1-19 DVD 16 – Tracks 20-35 Most of the songs are exactly the same as any given live counter-part, except for the occasional length extension or what have you, and the fact that they are instrumental. Most of the tracks differ from their studio versions, if they have any at all. Exclusive mixes (that don't match up directly with any live recording, minus length extensions): I Am the Green Child, Constant Shallowness Leads to Evil, Anarcadia: All Horned Animals (just the extended intro), The First Five Minutes After Death, Tattooed Man, A Slip in the Marylebone Road, Triple Sons and the One You Bury (Version 1), Blue Rats, The Beginning is Always the End, Unhappy Rabbits, Tom’s Radio Weston, Going Up Exclusive songs (that we know of): Moulin Blanc, Lake View (though their video tracks were definitely used) Live: Sick Mirrors (2002-04-13 Alte Spinnerei, Glauchau, Germany) Studio: A Cold Cell Additional Notes: “Amethyst Deceivers (Version 1)” is the Constant Shallowness Leads to Evil-era version, while Version 2 is the Live Three-era version. No Version 3, the Live Four-era, was included, perhaps because several different mixes of that version were used live. “Ostia (Massimo’s Version)” and “An Unearthly Red” are really bad quality here, for some reason. I’m not sure why. “ANS” is an extended version of cd1 track1 from the ANS album. “Tattooed Man” here might have been originally planned for release on Black Antlers. Peter said John couldn’t get the vocals right, but given the mix the song appears in, it’s possible. “Going Up” uses Francois Testory’s studio vocals. “Bang Bang” was played completely live and did not use any backing audio or video track. “(I Can’t Get a Word In) Edgeways” was a patch Thighpaulsandra made on one of his synths for his own band, though Coil asked to use it during some of their live shows; he has yet to transfer it onto record.