Selecting a Bride 8/5/2011 approx 9:45 pm. I had sat down at my PC. The Lord began speaking to my spirit. I was told to go lay down. I went to the couch and begin lying down. I wasn't shown, nor told, but I had this understanding of the Bride. His selection of the Bride. First you must understand that He is the Creator. He is selecting His Chosen Bride. His Chosen Bride will spend eternity with Him. His bride will become one with Him. His Bride that He is presenting to Himself, will be radiant (a City on a Hill) without spot, wrinkle or blemish. She will be spectacular. She will be full of His Spirit. Yes she will be Holy. Now the understanding that I was given, is that those that are longing for Him, those who want to know and do everything that pleases Him and patiently awaiting His arrival, these are the ones that are actually in love with Him. They will be doing His will when He arrives and already full of His Spirit - their lamps are full and running over. This is the key read John 14. If you are full of His Spirit you are full of Him. He already knows who they are. The invitations are being sent out, the Wedding Supper of the Lamb is on the horizon. Will you attend? Accept and submit. Let Him become your Lord and Master. Be filled with His Spirit. Regenerate your entire being through His Spirit. Walk in Him at all times. What some has accepted as fable will come to pass before their eyes. Time is running out. The demons are sweeping the land and gaining much ground, can you not see their gain? It is all about Him, His Father and His Spirit, not yourself. Ephesian 5:14 This is why it is said: "Wake up, sleeper, rise from the dead, and Christ will shine on you." Jeremiah 29:13 And you will seek Me and find Me, when you search for Me with all your heart. Selecting a Bride 8/5/2011 approx 9:45 pm. I had sat down at my PC. The Lord began speaking to my spirit. I was told to go lay down. I went to the couch and begin lying down. I wasn't shown, nor told, but I had this understanding of the Bride. His selection of the Bride. First you must understand that He is the Creator. He is selecting His Chosen Bride. His Chosen Bride will spend eternity with Him. His bride will become one with Him. His Bride that He is presenting to Himself, will be radiant (a City on a Hill) without spot, wrinkle or blemish. She will be spectacular. She will be full of His Spirit. Yes she will be Holy. Now the understanding that I was given, is that those that are longing for Him, those who want to know and do everything that pleases Him and patiently awaiting His arrival, these are the ones that are actually in love with Him. They will be doing His will when He arrives and already full of His Spirit - their lamps are full and running over. This is the key read John 14. If you are full of His Spirit you are full of Him. He already knows who they are. The invitations are being sent out, the Wedding Supper of the Lamb is on the horizon. Will you attend? Accept and submit. Let Him become your Lord and Master. Be filled with His Spirit. Regenerate your entire being through His Spirit. Walk in Him at all times. What some has accepted as fable will come to pass before their eyes. Time is running out. The demons are sweeping the land and gaining much ground, can you not see their gain? It is all about Him, His Father and His Spirit, not yourself. Ephesian 5:14 This is why it is said: "Wake up, sleeper, rise from the dead, and Christ will shine on you." Jeremiah 29:13 And you will seek Me and find Me, when you search for Me with all your heart. Funny Stupid Dumb Sexy Drama Horror Pets Art Arts Animation Comedy Music People Science Technology Travel Places Autos Vehicles News Blogs Animals Sports Video Videos Video Games Playstation 1 Playstation 2 Playstation 3 Gamecube X-box X-box 360 Spiderman X-men Naruto Bleach Trigun Funniest Scary Haha Hilarious Hiphop Hip-hop Rap R&B Techno Soul Train Movie Movies Trailer Trailers Spoiler Freaky Weird Stupid Nasty Dogs Cats Animals Slam Dunk And 1 mixtape volume 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Last Episode Family Guy Simpsons The Grudge Myspace Disney Lovable Cute Dragonball DragonballZ Dragonball GT animation Visual Great Awesome Wonderful Japanese Karate Boxing Fight Tae Kwon Do Phillipines Pinoy Pinay Asian American Joke Jokes Filipino Filipinos Kick Ass Basketball Baseball Football Soccer Volleyball Ping Pong USC Lakers NBA NFL Raiders Samurai Bored Boring Haha Interesting Fascinating Wonders Beautfull Pretty Food Tutorial Trick Tricks Fights Episode Clip Clips Anime Manga Thriller Thrillers Opening Closing Theme Song Music Hot Mature Favorite Cool Spiderman Batman Superman Pokemon Yugioh Yu-gioh Sailormoon Mew Mew Shaolin Showdown Mario Link Zelda Final Fantas