Consciousness in the Universe J.S. Freede (2024) -  As Poe once dreamt: "Once upon a midnight dreary, as I pondered weak and weary, over some quaint and curious volume of forgotten lore...As I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping, as of someone gently rapping, rapping on my chamber door. 'Tis some visitor," I muttered, "tapping on my chamber door - only this and nothing more." Visitor - Quite so, my dear Freede, ''Tis some visitor. and nothing more." But please go on... Freede - If you insist. I am writing of Consciousness, as I dream of a "radiant maiden, nameless  here  for evermore"..... Therefore, it is of no concern to me if you are put off.  Visitor - I understand my dear Freede. I would have it no other way.... Freede - "Truly,  Sir for your forgiveness I implore." I am still "dreaming, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before."  Now let me "open wide the door' and continue at your pleasure -"But the silence was unbroken" and I am doomed to isolation, then an "echo whispered back" - Now and "forever more, Merely this and nothing more." Such that any possible readers of this paper are not put off by a seeming incongruence expressed by the Title and the Subject Matter discussed in its exposition, some introductory comments seem necessary. A number of questions will be posed and answers to these questions developed regarding the Nature of Consciousness and Examples of Observable Consequences of its Existence. What is Consciousness? What are some of the most striking examples of this phenomenon available for analysis? A forced choice requires examples to be chosen from the most striking expressions in Science, Literature, Art and Common Experience of Everyday Phenomena. Of these, a number of most notable examples have been selected from those exhaustively studied by "ordinary" humans, students and scholars. Then, the origin of these examples will be investigated (explained?) by the most  reliable methods available.  Literature abounds with "Sensitives" speaking with. or merely listening to "Gods" or "Monsters." In brief, a conscious or dreaming observer "talks with" or merely "hears" Hidden Truths from beings most aptly of Greek, Roman, Norse or other Mythologies; such communications often forming the basis of new religions or were incorporated into established Belief Systems. One such Sensitive, Howard P. Lovecraft (1890 - 1937), essentially unknown during his life, but after death his fantasy writings including the short novel, The Shadow Out of Time became part of an elaborate Mythos, constructed by adoring acolytes. A uniquely imaginative writer, often approaching melopoeia in his excessive use of adjectives to achieve ghastly effects, induced odd mental states in his readers, mostly fans of the pulp, Weird Tales. His Monsters, an assortment of "Ones," strange in appearance, to say the least, were preternatural rather than supernatural sentients from elsewhere in the Universe, rather than ghosts or vampires found in standard horror fiction. (See a One - a "Yith" posted above. This sketch is from the only eyewitness report found in the papers of Nathaniel Wingate Peaslee,  dated approximately, 1913-4.) In his novel, one of the few Lovecraft created, a civilization of Ones is bent on collecting, classifying and storing all knowledge from throughout the Universe in odd "books" located in a gigantic stone "library". To achieve this goal, Ones are sent to planets inhabited by sentient creatures - then, the One replaces the "mind" of one such inhabitant with its own; and sends the replaced mind back to work in its home civilization. Lovecraft describes these Ones as natural beings from within the universe having undergone an evolution by natural selection and subject to injury, disappointments and death like all other of the Universal creations, including humans. Notably, some forms seem to have no "evil" intentions; yet those of  a completely different paradigm do display hostility. Is there enough matter in the Universe to store all this information? A question Lovecraft never posits. Another Sensitive was the sublime poet of the Romantic Period, William Wordsworth (1770 - 1850) who describes similar Natural Creatures, as communicating with him in childhood experiences within his masterpiece, The Prelude.  Strange indeed,  yet never fully described. They disturbed him in the waking and dream state. Once while stealing birds from traps on a cliff, he was admonished "by the wind" for wrong doing. And while rowing on a lake, he saw distant masses (topographic formations?) moving about. These experiences suggested to him the worthlessness of books and formal education. The reader is cautioned to obtain the earliest version of The Prelude (1805), since Wordsworth withdrew from his mystical, childhood interpretations of experience in favor of Judeo-Christian Orthodoxy.  Parenthetically, one could suggest here that Wordsworth might not have received communications at all from Nature; they existed in his own mind and he projected them onto Nature. Scientists have reported "falling in love" with the objects of their investigations - even "chemical reactions." When asked why he searched for life in the Universe beyond the Earth, a cosmologist said, "So that I will not be alone..." A second was asked "Why do you try to explain the Universe with mathematics?" He responded, "I want the Universe to be beautiful as is mathematics." Wordsworth loved his natural surroundings; he did not want to alter or besmirch them by destroying birds nor other beauties of Nature at all.  Knowing that a fly requires some one hundred or more genes to form a leg might cause an observer to be sympathetic.      Lovecraft, conversely has inspired many young writers to add to his Mythos, and his fame has blossomed after his death (in 1937) until now he is considered on a par with E. A. Poe as a fantastic fiction writer. Now for the central point of this presentation -  Beyond Wordsworth's immortal poetry, and Lovecraft's most imaginative speculative fiction, have they any value beyond these considerations? Perhaps so. In their turgid volume, the Anthropic Cosmological Principle (1986) John D. Barrow and Frank J.Tipler develop an investigation of Conscious Beings in the Universe. And, in another compendium of thoughts from scholars nearly all from highly respected Universities -  Consciousness and the Universe - Quantum Physics, Evolution, Brain & Mind (2009), Lana Tao ed., resolve the function of Consciousness as a  component of the Universe expressed when material systems achieve a sufficient level of organizational complexity as created by Natural Selection. Ergo, "consciousness" is an expression of matter transduced by the thought and imaginative processes.  How complex a system is necessary to express consciousness? One suggestion provided by Roger Penrose and Stuart Hameroff (Journal of Cosmology, 2011) are the chemical'/mechanical systems found in the neurons of animals. One might wonder if simpler systems could express consciousness as well. A reference appears in an issue of the journal, Science that suggests forest trees are "aware" of the number and arrangement of branches they possess, and if some of these branches are lost. At a more sophisticated level, birds including the Raven have demonstrated conscious behaviors including planning, tool making, bartering and qualities of general intelligence (speaking with poets only once, and "Never more!") In a rather elegant series of experiments (V. Templer, 2017) rats were taught to recognize certain aromas, Then they were asked to recognize a dish with the same aroma. If successful, they were given a food reward; but if the wrong dish, no treat. Sometimes the rats "forgot" the aroma. Here they learned to pick a dish with no aroma, since they knew that they would get a smaller treat. Whether a shared consciousness might exist among assemblies of natural beings or topography is open to question. Further, when Conscious Systems reach a state of necessary sophistication, control of all atomic, molecular and other natural process becomes possible by the Consciousness of the Universe. Of late, philosophers and physicists have extended "conscious" to "everything" - the driving force of such a conclusion, is the extraordinary power of mathematics in explaining everything from "soup to nutz." In this presentation, however, will be discussed the contentions of physicist Roger Penrose, that mathematics is insufficient to explain consciousness, and some kind of "non-computational" process is necessary. Obviously, some of this enthusiasm might involve the loss of objectivity, and "added" subjectivity, bordering on philosophy and religion. Richard Feynman put the matter well when he honed a fine point - "Science needs philosophy as much as birds need ornithology." Of course, some of these same philosopher/scientists base much of their thinking on the "anthropic principle" an idea having lost much of its persuasiveness in view of new discoveries. Also no religious interpretations of the consciousness factor will be considered here. In elementary physiology texts, conscious awareness was  thought to reside in the (visually distinguished) prefrontal cortex of the brain of humans. All functions involved in preparing an organ to move, moving it, and bring aware that it was moving were thought to be in that one area of the brain. Now, the studies of Ann Berti of the University of Turin in Italy show that each of these functions is located separately; and awareness of movement is only one of them. In this scenario, consciousness seems to originate from all of the separate processes involved in the movement of an arm, or leg. This arrangement is what one might expect from  a system developed by chance and Natural Selection rather than Intelligent Design. Further, the work of M. Thiebault de Schotten (2005) locates the significant functions of memory and attention. Previous to this work, memory and attention were localized in major visual regions of the brain (cortical areas), Now, brain control must be understood in terms of "networks" wide spread in the cortex portion of the brain; and the original conception which localizes parts of intelligence functions to well separated areas of the cortex was merely descriptive and naive. In the same vein, David Van Essen has demonstrated that the various named eminences and crevices of the brain are not the same in all people. The classic picture of the  brain probably originated from small sample size. A team of researchers at the University of Wisconsin has demonstrated sleep results from a break down in the communication between functional units. One aspect of consciousness might well be the connections which exist in the waking state. Another study suggests that dreams are flashes of disconnected material which are only blended into a consistent whole on awakening. More recently,  Intraoperative Magnetic Resonance Imaging (IMRI)  specialists have trained their scanners to recognize what a subject is looking at based on the neuronal activity of the visual cortex. High powered IMRI scanners learned to recognize the emotional state experienced by subjects as they viewed art objects and contemplated them, or even concepts as "truth." See photographs of IMRI scans included above, illustrating these activities. Such scanners could have recorded the emotional states in their prefrontal, parietal and temporal cortices in both hemispheres of  the brains  of Wordsworth and Lovecraft during  their contemplative and artistic creations. For further details see Kamitani in Nature Communications (2017), Kevin LaBar in PLOS Biology (2016) and Jack Gallant, in Nature (2016). Lovecraft in his, Beyond the Wall of Sleep makes the statement (as a specialist from a State Psychopathic Institution), that "he" (Lovecraft) considered human thought based on "atomic and molecular motion, convertible to ether waves of radiant energy." The subject then goes on to design equipment (both transmitting and receiving) as in telegraphy to broadcast and receive this human radiant energy. At first the effors proved ineffectual, but  with refinements he observes the brain activity of a disturbed patient, one Joseph Slater; and this time the goal is achieved. The researcher is transported into the world of the patient to see, hear, and experiences in all nuances what the patient experienced during violent outbursts. Ultimately, he communicates with another consciousness inhabiting the brain (and body?) of Slater who provides experiences his host of "limited intelligence" could not endure. Note: this material is included as evidence of Lovecraft's insight in 1919 of what an IMRI device (invented in 1977)  could reveal about a test subject's thoughts. However, Lovecraft's depiction of the dream state as "Another Realm of Existence" has no evidence to support such contentions. The dream manifestations of the right hemisphere were unknown to Lovecraft. Similarly, Newton revealed the Laws of Motion quite adequately, but his ideas of "spirit" flowing through the nerves, is as yet simple fantasy,      Wordsworth and Lovecraft were conscious beings; and a scientific study of their creative behavior would require an investigation of their brain activity while they worked.  For example, were some of their brain centers enhanced in function above that of ordinary mortals? Researchers (Richard Chi, et. al.) at the Harvard Medical School showed that lesions to the left anterior temporal lobe can produce improvement in visual memory and perceptual skills. Certain individuals with autism exhibit the same behaviors. Was Wordsworth or Lovecraft "autistic"? Reference to Lovecraft's  biography might provide further evidence. Could such enhancements in brain areas be specified "talents" in the absence of such information? How might these enhancements be brought about? Two competing brain functions are Context Processing and Visual Memory. Disrupting context processing enhances visual memory. Stimulating processing areas enhances visual memory, since the memory is not so affected by contextual details. Such improvements were about what was seen in comparisons of the performance of autistic individuals with non-autistic subjects in medical tests. Talented people have a "certain something." Experiments might just explain what the "something" is. In tests, subjects were shown  sets of images, and then shown similar sets of images, some they had already seen, some mixtures of already seen and some new, and lastly  completely new sets were shown. The test was -"Tell me which if the slides you have already seen." Groups had the tests done repeatedly; one group had their right temporal brain lobe stimulated with an anode (+) and the left with with cathodal (-) charge, A second group was stimulated with the charges reversed. A third group received no charges at all. Previous tests had shown that the anode charge had a stimulating effect on the right temporal lobe, and the cathode an inhibitory effect. Results of the tests - The group with the anode to the right lobe showed a 110% increase in visual memory, the other groups showed no change in performance. Such experimental results seem of the coercive variety in support of the initial hypothesis.  Another investigator, Anthony Gregorc has classified personality types. Here, both Wordsworth and Lovecraft might qualify as "Abstract Sequential," in that they deal with the "abstract" (ideas) rather than the "concrete;" (physical objects) and they arrange these abstractions into complex "abstract patterns" - Wordsworth in his poetry, and Lovecraft in his elaborate story lines. Also, such personalities might appear to have the "smugness of superiority," few close personal relationships and exist essentially alone in their creative endeavors. However, in their loneliness they experience an abundance of emotion. E. A. Poe expressed such a condition in his evocative poem, "Alone":                   "Fom childhood's hour I have not been as others were                         I did not take my joy from a common spring."  Estimates of Abstract Sequentials in a population yield the result of approximately two percent. One of the most famous of this personality type is the Mr. Fitzsimmons Darcy of Jane Austen's, "Pride and Prejudice". In both cases, Wordsworth and Lovecraft,  their "monsters" communicated both in their waking contemplative and in dream states. Personality type determines the general form of Reality the subject inhabits. Lovecraft, in his story "The Music of Eric Zann," depicts a cellist, living alone in an attic room driving away monsters attempting to get at him through a great window by playing fantastic viol (cello) music.The vulnerable room yields a view of the surrounding city far more expansive over an obstructing  wall than that of any other citizen below facing the wall in the dark of night. A suggested cello piece for Zann might have been. Beethoven's Sonata Nr. 3A - Dur fur Voloncello und Klavier, op. 69. (In this particular case, 'ohne Klavier') Wordsworth disdained the lives of others  - "The world is to much with us late and soon. Getting and spending we lay waste our powers. Little do we know in nature of what is ours..."  And, as Wordsworth made use of the language of the common man, he provided a kind of music to drive away the monsters of books, the merchandising system and the related drudgery others must endure. In the preface to his Lyrical Ballads, (1798 - 1800) he delineates some of his intentions. First, he wanted to appeal to a larger audience for approval. He wanted to create a body of work appealing to people in perpetuity. One feature must be that the readers could understand the poetry. The presentation of ideas must be in accordance with, "The Laws of Human Nature" as he saw them, and the manner in which they are regarded by the average man was another related and necessary goal. Further, the audience will be receptive, since the ideas expressed have been already contemplated as significant to humans since they are part of human heredity - a surprising forecast of the functions of the right and left hemispheres. A distinctive feature of the enclosed poems will be that each one serves a "purpose" - that purpose to make use of how human feelings and ideas are associated in a state of excitement. The increasing urbanization of the human population in Wordsworth's time seemed to him to appeal to cheap sensationalism rather than matters inculcated in human nature over time. Perhaps, a cautionary reference to genetic archetypes guiding human behavior since they were then being violated, His poetry will avoid literary techniques employed in poetry in general, "fancy" devices such as "personification" will be excluded, along with "rhymed couplets" and phrases "beautiful and proper in themselves" but too often used by "bad Poets." The poems will be stated in the "Strict Laws of Meter" (which glorifies prose) a practice some critics would abhor, but the appreciation of the tonal sequences and meter are part of innate human inheritance. Humans are by and large, "concrete thinkers" specializing in "objects" rather than "abstractions" and narrow conceptions "applying  to a few situations" rather than all inclusive, mathematical formulations. So, if a problem exists, the average man relies on emotion (reaction to) rather than the situation (the difficulty experienced) using inborn (genetic, archetypal?) strategies or ideas contemplated over time such as to appear innate (which is one stage in the origin of archetypes, that process identified here as "Psychological Epigenesis"). Free Will is thus meaningless here, since the human mind must follow its functional potentialities. Far more than half of average humans are "concrete thinkers" and that will remain so in the future. To appeal to (or manipulate?) such an audience was Wordsworth's goal.  These ideas gain significance especially in accord with the Altered States of Consciousness discussed following. (Note - For a more complete discussion of the origin of archetypes see - Human Identity - Reality and Illusion: Leghtnis Beine, archive.org.) Now to put the Lyrical Ballads into proper context by comparison to more modern literary creations - Anything like it in the 20th Century? Let us see....stories about typical, "dysfunctional?" people.... and the situations they find themselves in.... while living on the "edge".....written in the simple,  ordinary language..... no fancy structure......gaining some of its effects by mildly offensive depictions....?  Why of course, Erskine Caldwell's novels, Tobacco Road and God's Little Acre from the 1930's Depression Era. Tobacco Road was not well received initially, banned for its depiction of "offensive situations" and graphic language, yet it was sought out as by some  at the time it was published in 1931, as an escape from the narrow confines of decency of that era. The Lyrical Ballads seem at times a self parody, where men and women seek solace from their desperate situations (extreme poverty, lunacy, desertion, death) by hearing birds chirping, experiencing a sunset, or admiring a mound of moss over a grave.                                    As Wordsworth states in the Preface, "All good poetry is the spontaneous overflow of powerful feelings." A caveat for potential readers. The situations described in the poems including The Thorn, are those in lives of the common people, likely including some of these very readers, who might experience an unpleasant "self consciousness" by what is mirrored from their own lives. The poems read like short stories - see, The Pocket Book of Erskine Caldwell Stories (1949), thirty-one in number with a direct poetic character quite similar to the Ballads.          "So much depends on the red wheel barrow glazed with rain next to the                                     white chickens." Williams (1923)                                                **.     ***.      **        Wordsworth suffered from private monsters those "getting and spending" might have offered assistance in driving them away. His creation of poetry was often interrupted by "stomach pain." His colleague, Coleridge was charged supplying  the "supernatural" for the Lyrical Ballads, but his only significant contribution being the Rime of the Ancyent Marinere. Coleridge suffered from "boils" about his neck and might already have developed a taste for laudanum. For the editions of the Ballads, Wordsworth had to supply the remainder of the material published. The scenery near their home in the Lake District was certainly inspiring, but the weather did not always cooperate. On one winter evening a storm of freezing rain and snow forced Wordsworth and his sister Dorothy to crawl home on their hands and knees. "Owdes" to Frozen Fingers were not forthcoming from this incident. Nature could have provided a inclement weather forecast. One year he and his sister were rendered homeless on the termination of their lease. Whether the palliative poetry he wrote was of emotional support is open to question. Consider the titles: The Old Cumberland Beggar, The Idiot Boy, The Last of the Flock, The Female Vagrant, Old Man Traveling. Please notice the tangential Caldwell titles - Man and Woman, The Night My Old Man Came Home, The End of Christy Tucker,  Kneel to the Rising Sun, and Handsome Brown's Day Off.  Wordsworth's denizens of the forest were benevolent or thought of as such in cases of noncausal parallelism . Wordsworth suggested his poetic images were derived from Nature, stored in his Imagination, and then amplified with his Fancy. After this process he entwined them in poetry. This is a saving grace since such images are admitted to be fictional.  Not always so with Lovecraft; since some of the Ones lurked deep underground to emerge with malevolent intentions. See - The Call of Cthulhu. In the center of Lovecraft's beloved Providence, Rhode Island once existed an odd book/magazine store, namely "Dick's". On a side street just down the hill from his home, the store located on a side street of the business district. The windows on either side of the entrance displayed tattered magazines ("Weird Tales" among them) scattered on worn woodwork. Within were tables strewn with other magazines and books, the surrounding walls lined with odd "quaint and curious volumes of forgotten lore," for casual perusal, including a set of Alfred Brehm's, Aulistrate Tierleben (1867). The rear center of the floor was a massive trapdoor leading to a gaping, subterranean apace where Dick kept his cache of rarities, including perhaps, Lovecraft's first edition copy of the "Necronomicon." In this quaint den of inequity, one might catch the sinister question, "Any books on torture?" How many more of Lovecraft's thousand or more books might have originated here? Repairmen report buildings with flooded first floors without power; above resided families. An immigrant family in such an apartment raised chickens in kitchen cupboards, and raised crops on a mud covered floor. On stone banks of a canal within the city, nonchalant rats scurried about in broad daylight.                                                  **                                    Where do the identities of such and other human beings originate? The science of today proclaims the Identity as a necessary "Illusion" created by the chemical/mechanical functions of the brain, and then projected outward as this very convincing and necessary Illusion. A simple experiment illustrates these matters, A subject sits with one leg under a table. Directly above a plastic leg is displayed. The experimenter scratches the leg under the table. The subject transfers the sensation to the plastic leg. Matters such as Free Will also fall into question. How does one determine what is "Reality?" Lovecraft makes this point with a nice edge in the opening paragraph of The Tomb (1917), where to him, Reality and Fiction blend depending on the individual mind and the sophistication of the thought processes; and the number of these minds is few that can imagine outside common experience. Stephen King suggests the best form starts with what happens, then adds something else of an imaginative variety -.in apparent agtreement with Lovecraft.     On a far broader scale Conscious Beings are thought to play a central role in the Creation of Reality.  At least six origins of Reality have been suggested, and seriously considered by the scientific community.  Several will be considered here since Consciousness plays an essential role in the process of that origin of Reality. None of these has sufficient testable consequences to approach "the view." W. Heisenberg - "There are words which light up images in the human mind without reference to external reality."                                     Origin of Reality                    Reality is all an organism can detect with its senses.            Reality is defined by knowledge of mathematical concepts.       Reality is one of all possible realities in many Universes, each the result of the                                             collapse of all probabilities to one by a Conscious Observer.           Reality is a Holographic Projection of Information on the Membranous                                                       Boundary of the Universe.                                                       Human Reality is a Simulation on an Alien Computer Screen. Does "Consciousness" do anything except in the confines of the human brain? The surprising answer according to one "school" of modern physics is such that, Physical Reality does not exist independent of a conscious observer and his apparatus. In the simplest example of this statement, consider two subatomic particles,  e.g. electrons, and suppose a physicist has decided to study them. The very act of conscious decision to study them by making measurements binds them together. Gathering information about one of the electrons influences the other even though there has been no interaction between the electrons; the decision is the "glue" which binds them.  At the macroscopic level,  a "thought experiment" reveals the situation in terms of familiar particulars. Of course, this is the case of Schrodinger's Cat. In essence, a cat is placed in a steel chamber. With it is a small sample of radioactive atoms, one of which may decay at any time. If it does, a sample of hydrocyanic acid will be released, and the cat is poisoned. If one does not, the cat will remain alive. How to interpret the design of the experiment? If an observer opens the steel chamber, the cat will be alive or dead. If the chamber is not opened the cat must be considered both alive and dead. This experimental situation was considered unacceptable to those who became aware of its implications. In spite of the objections, none has demonstrated in hidden variable to deny it. . Now, consider the situation of Lovecraft's, Eric Zann. He is on a tenement room with his viol and a large window. Outside, is a friend who becomes familiar with Zann and his music. If certain monsters are attempting to enter the room and cannot, Zann remains alive. If they enter, presumably Zann could have been killed (devoured?). The observer friend does in fact, enter on the significant night, but nothing is seen but Zann scribbling notes. No monsters. Then the observer flees. And, significantly, he cannot find Zann, the building he inhabited and all else in spite of searching for the address at later dates.  What is the situation with Zann? Alive? Dead? The story was written in about 1922. According to inquiry, the concept of conscious observers goes back to the 1800's, and was formerly introduced into science in 1926. Lovecraft was an amateur scientist and hoped to be an astronomer, but failure in mathematics provided a road block. The connection here involving Wordsworth is particularly fascinating.  As a young man he did not have significant formal education with the demands of a syllabus, etc, in classes. He remained open to casual experiences in nature, and their influences on his consciousness. Investigators have suggested that information processing mechanisms in a child exist in probabilistic states. And, influential situations (charismatic teachers?) cause the probability states to collapse as information is stored. Such was Wordsworth's experience of Nature "speaking to me?" Further, repeated experiences in Nature led him to the conclusion that he was to become a poet; such experiences of personal choice and total immersion, are most often lacking or counter productive in a classroom. A significant distinction must be made here between the vague allusions to "does not want to learn" as explanations, and those based on chemical mechanical devices of the brain.   How to determine the meaning of these (and other stories? According to the entomologist, E.O. Wilson in his Consilience, about 12-25 archetypal story lines appeal to humans, namely the Faery Tales. The aforementioned, highly regarded Austen novel, Pride and Prejudice is a derivative form of Cinderella. Somehow, the information in the human brain and that recorded in the symbolic sequences of the written document "interact well." The possibility of genetic storage (in the sense of Jung) of archetypes comes to mind. Otherwise, a reader will have to resort to a "sage" or "editor" for help in finding the meaning (decoding the information). So, the very act of considering one letter in a sequence binds all others together through the conscious decision to determine the other letters in the sequence, the "reading process." Thus the probabilities in the letters collapse on coming into contact with the probabilities (information) in the human mind and "meaning" develops from potentiality to "existence". The important point here is the symbolic interaction with the Consciousness of a Mind. In ancient religious writings, the events described were sufficiently vague as to require a Special One, who could interpret them. In effect, the stories were never meaningless; instead, they were vague enough to make "sages" indispensable, The sage could assign information to the story in the form of apologies when the stories seemed to be meaningless or contradictory to previous versions. In the Modern Era, sages use art as a procedure to make money. Without a sage, "meaning" more often than not, "Surges in the Brain" of the reader. In these  pensive moments where some process in the nervous system brings these probabilities into coincidence, and from the "many" collapse into a possible  "one". Again, the important point here is the essential presence of the Conscious Mind for the "story" and "its meaning" to come into existence. At least one author has doubted the efficacy of "letters' to carry sufficient information for this process and advocated forming a society where oral presentations took place rather than reading such stories. (Krzyzanoski, Z).  Presumably, "listening" involved the analysis of tonal progressions. For a masterful treatment of at least some of these ideas and many others, see Walter M. Miller, Jr's. A Canticle For Leibowitz (1959); where a Brother Francis of the Albertian Order of Leibowitz, discovers the relics of the Martyr,  Isaac Leibowitz and the subsequent influences occurring  after his attempts to interpret them, including the Sacred Shopping List.      Over time,  new stored information from one story interacts with that derived previously. and complex schematics develop - capable of modifying behaviors making possible the derivation of value for future success - "understanding," as suggested by the philosopher Nietzsche.                   "The oldest and strongest emotion of mankind is fear,                          and the oldest and strongest kind of fear is                                       fear of the unknown."                 "Ph 'nglui mglw 'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah 'nagl fhtagn." The human brain is often referred as kind of computer since certain functions of the nervous system can be explained by computation. Certain other functions cannot be explained in this way. What is required is a entirely different category of the non-computational type. The following sequence is based on the publication by Roger Penrose and Stuart Hameroff in Journal of Cosmology, (2011). Computational - In cells exist certain protein structures skilled in controlling cell functions, namely the microtubules, each composed of a strand of tubulin protein. Thirteen such strands are arraigned to form microtubule cylinder about a central cavity. Within these structures exist two variant forms of tubulin, named alpha and beta. These variants molecules can exist (according to theory) in two states represented by 1 or 0. They perform the computational function of information storage in synchronized time steps. These structures are reported to control functions including movement, but not the sought after consciousness.  Non-Computational -  First, what is consciousness? One answer is derived from medical tests of brain activity with EEGs (electroenceplaograms) yielding oscillations in brain activity of 30-90 frequency (formal units -  Hertz). A value of 40 Herz suggests a succession of about 40 "conscious moments per second". Philosophers often refer to consciousness as "collective moments of mental phenomena." A suggestion - a specific collective moment occurs when elements of diverse experience link coherently in an abstract schema experienced as "understanding". Penrose and Hameroff (1994) have advanced an explanation of such moments as Orchestrated Object Reduction, abbreviated as "Orch OR". The "events" involved in such reductions are based on conceptions at the quantum level of structure, where ideas  as "particle" and "wave" blend. And, new conceptions including nonlocal entanglement seemingly contradict ordinary experience. Specifically here, a quantum concept that the microtubules exist in multiple states of mass distribution or "superposition," brought about by weak "gravitational self energy." Microtubule units are characterized by crystal structure, hollow centers and suitability for information handling. Tubulin units cooperate with other such units. Separated tubulin units are quantum linked with those located in other parts of the brain and provide the binding necessary for consciousness. "Superposition" of these units is present; and there must be sufficient material free of any environmental influences. Concurrently, these fluctuations interact with molecular, neuronal, cellular metabolism. Moments of superposition followed by reduction occur about once every 13.3 microseconds. Such events constitute protoconsciousness. According to Penrose and Hameroff the reduction process is not a random and requires some new non-computational; physics for elucidation. (For a nice description of "Quantum Dot" as a "Quantum Bit" serving the basis basis of a Quantum Computer, see Science, September (2005 ) pps 2173-4. For an expanded view see pps 2180 - 2184 in the same issue. Also, a  recent interpretation of an electron is that it has two separable parts - the "particle" and a "wave."  Lovecraft used rituals to induce dreams. While living in New York, he discovered an aged tombstone, broke off a sample and placed it under his pillow before sleep. The resulting dream evolved into another of his oddly imaginative stories, The Hound (1924). Lovecraft was not alone in the use of such "Influences." The poet William Blake (1757-1827) often went into a mausoleum, and lay atop a tomb (and fell asleep?), to increase his inspirations. Other Lovecraft stories verified as derived from dreams include - Polaris (1919); The Statement of Randolph Carter, (1920); Nyarlathrotep (1920); The Nameless City (1921); The Outsider (1921). Only, The Statement of Randolph Carter was claimed by Lovecraft to be an exact record of a dream, although Polaris seems of very similar origin. The Hound was derived from a single incident, the stealing of a fragment of a tombstone, which does not appear in the story as an incident of grave robbery. At the reductionist level what occurs in the brain? A team of researchers at the University of Wisconsin consider sleep, the "loss of consciousness" as communication between parts of the cerebral cortex "break down." Their studies summarized in Science (2005). The simplest statement is that consciousness fades because the cerebral cortex "shuts down." Their evidence to support such conclusions is not accepted by all others in the field. Contrary evidence including (EEG) methodology have demonstated that neural activity is still evident in sleep. Another set of experiments using transmittal magnetic stimulation (TMS) showed that stimulation of one part of the cortex spreads to other parts. Other experiments with TMS showed in REM sleep stimulation affected only the area directly affected. REM (rapid eye movement) is sleep in its later stages where experiences somewhat like those in the conscious state occur, i.e. "dreams." Critics counter with the lack of connection to neurotransmitter and hormonal levels, and patterns of neural activity. Reference to Penrose's theory of consciousness suggests the microtubules involved in consciousness influence metabolic functions, so such "unaccounted effects" would be readily understood.  Wordsworth and Lovecraft found such seemingly "quasi conscious states" of sufficient interest to analyze in their poetry and prose.  Consider the novel, "Solaris" by Stanislaw Lem where on a distant planet, near covered by a mysterious ocean - not only does it create subsurface, liquid crystal, evanescent, geometric forms, but  reads the haunted mind of a crew member of the exploratory team from Earth for whom a "dream girl" is created, and appears on the ship. Exquisite in every feature, except, "Where did she come from?" Microscopic examination of a small bit of her flesh obtained in an amorous embrace reveals no cellular structure. Did the ocean read his mind and create her by methods not dreamed of on Earth? And, beyond cell structure, no energy transformations, sequence coding, no long history of mutation and natural selection, no macromolecular structure, all characteristic of Earth life? Lovecraft, and Wordsworth did not follow the precepts of textbook scrutiny, as the basis of knowledge, nor indoctrination by charismatic instructors, but a near boundless imagination yielding original ideas others could not conceive."The anthropic, cosmological principle" has fostered humans as the center of the Universe, and the pattern on which all living things are modeled. In "Fiasco," Lem reveals this principle as absurd and based on a lack of imagination - of far more value than knowledge. Einstein was purported to have said, "Do not remember anything you can look up." An exemplar of the fault was exhibited by a society whose members sent packages of photographs, recordings, etc. into space to be discovered by some fortunate alien. One apocryphal story has it that in response to receiving Chuck Berry's, "Johnny B. Goode" an alien sent - "It's got a good beat. I can dance to it!!" Wordsworth endured formal education at Cambridge in mathematics, English and Italian poetry, but through all of these studies he relied most heavily on a strong, simple rationality. Then later in life after vivid experiences in society, a moment of thought conviniced him he was to be a poet. The creatures who spoke to him in Nature later withdrew and he took up Orthodox Christianity. The brains of older people are more resistant to change as loss of plasticity in neural connections occurs. Lovecraft also received formal education, but was forced to leave in response to episodes of poor health. His aim in life was astronomy, but lack of mathematical aptitude prevented reaching his goal. Oddly, he was unable to appreciate tonal sequences in musical compositions, which led him to vivid abhorrence of music revealed in his stories including, The Music of Eric Zann.  Is the information reviewed to this point of any value as an aid in generalizing about the origin of the subject matters and the artistic capacities used in manipulating them, displayed by Wordsworth and Lovecraft?                                                         Generalizations                                Narrow Empirical Generalization - Based on a empirical                                study of influential characteristics without resorting to the                                                           theoretical.                             Theoretical Generalizations - Based in large part on abstractions                                 and their interplay in abstract patterns. Generalization based on words are limited. Letters and words do not represent the fine nuances of thought. Written language is incomplete and limited in its information storage capacity. (See Albert Camus, The Myth os Sisyphus 1942). Generalizations based on numbers are limited as well. All systems of numbers are incomplete. See - Kurt Godel (1931) and Jeff Paris (1977). The most an investigator can hope for is reliance on the best generalizations available, until they are surpassed by more representative forms. The ultimate goal is to seek another, yet undiscovered form of generalization, which goes beyond the limits of calculation, letter sequences and grammar, to eliminate the shortcomings of each. None such is available at this time. The broadest generalization  explaining the origin of the Human Identity is "Nature and Nurture," more definitively expressed as "Genetics and Environment".  The difficulty alluded to above immediately makes its appearance. If a youngster had an unhappy childhood, and investigators looked into the matter of the effects of such unhappiness, on close examination they would observe chemical substances interacting in sequences, but no "unhappiness." Conclusion - Personality is an essential and indispensable "illusion," projected into the environment. Is this essential generalization adequate even as a "Meta-representation?"  The experimental evidences support this conclusion, but health care professionals are hesitant to cast doubt on so indispensable a human property with their clients.  Free will is also an illusion, but those who recognize it as such with colleagues, promptly act as though it is real when among the general populace; or in a court of law.    One exception to this rule was Edgar Allan Poe:    "You are not wrong who say all we see or seem is but a dream within a dream."                                                  ****                                          Comparisons: Should Poe and Lovecraft be compared? How to compare one uniqueness to another? An equation? Endless compendia of Explanatory Notes? Emmett Ray was the Greatest Guitarist except for Django Reinhardt??? (Allen, 1999).  Robert Crumb left the United States to escape the exploitation by the American Merchandising System of him and his works.  (Crumb, 1994).  Great literature is read first by the common man, then students and finally scholars. (F. Scott Fitzgerald, source unknown)  The "Literature Class" is the least desirable place to learn about great authors, Great Authors were often "inferior students.". A better question - "How often has this book been read in the bathroom?"                                          *** *** *** *** From here on,  "Howard" and "William" will be considered "real," and made free choices for which they are responsible.  Most succinctly -                              "Consciosness Makes Things Exist." Lovecraft in youth was creative in the publication of astronomy articles in journals of his own making for friends and family members, and written for and  published in newspapers of the city of Providence, R.I. Schooling was often interrupted with illnesses, yet he succeeded well when in attendance. He had relatively few friends, and some other students ridiculed him for his high pitched voice and somewhat odd appearance. As  he grew older he developed volumes of correspondence with colleagues he never met. He travelled widely along the eastern US coast, and grew attached to centers in Massachusetts. Married once and caused to live in New York; the marriage was terminated,  and he returned  to the Providence home of his ancestry. He read widely in youth and maturity, coming under the influence by of Olaf Staplerton, Lord Dunsany, Edgar Allen Poe, Arthur Machen, Algernon Blackwood, and many others; and as is always a successful procedure, he first imitated them and then added his own Lovencraftian effects and seems to have gone beyond them, especially with the unique strains of his "Mythos," and  horror stories that did not rely on vampires, ghosts and the like for his ghastly effects. Lovecraft's "monsters" were creatures from distant parts of the Cosmos, with a history far longer than humanity. Nearly all of his stories were published in the pulp, "Weird Tales". Authorities including his biographer, J.T. Joshi suggest, Lovecraft's characters' most potent adversary was "Time." The essence of Lovecraft is expressed in the first paragraph of The Call off Cthulhu (here taken from the atmospheric tome, "Lovecraft - Great Tales of Horror" (Fall River Press, 2010) edited by Stefan Dziemianowicz.       '"The most merciful thing in the world, I think, is the inability io the human mind                                         to correlate all its contents."  Excluded from the previous paragraph - Something Lionel Dobie's, Paulette and her ilk will never understand: In art, do what your neurons obsess you to do, even if it means going without money, eating one can of peas only for a week, eating dog food from the "Happy Dog Pet Shop" for six years. Then you just might be acclaimed as an Artist. Forget the acclaim - that comes from "Know Nothings." You get to watch through your upstairs, bedroom window a languid orange cat sprawled on the roof of an adjacent house, in the glory of an endless Summer Sun.  Unlike Lovecraft whose adult life was spent in the 20th Century, Wordsworth lived his young adulthood at the end of 18th; and as a result, he experienced the growing influence of Science in the interpretation of an informed person's world view. Not a noted reader, his only books read while in school were, "Arabian Nights" and "Don Quixote". The Utilitarian philosopher, William Paley advanced the doctrine of Intelligent Design of the Earth and its inhabitants, and John Locke elucidated the workings if the human mind similarly. The World was therefore a Great Machine, and all machines require a Designer, in this case, "God.' Then in 1859, Darwin's, "On the Origin of Species..." appeared; nine years too late for Wordsworth to see the origin of living things by a process of Natural Selection, rather than conscious design. Mendel's presentation on pea genetics to the Brunn Society in 1865, and the suggestion of discrete bits of material, the "genes" would have been invaluable to Darwin, had he known about them. Wordsworth instead "Danced with daffodils". The result - Organisms are not intelligently designed, but develop by a chance survival of mutants over long periods os time. The process clearly required far longer than the 4004 years, a period derived from Biblical studies, to be accomplished. Wordsworth, under the influence of Christian Orthodoxy in his older adult life, would not have approved even though a clear minded person would admit the accumulation of documentary evidence, rather than guess work, as the key to satisfactory explanations. An expanded view  of the Cosmos began to erode belief in the Anthropic Cosmological Principle, effectively nudging humans off center stage, and leaving open the possibility of divergent forms of life elsewhere. Elucidation of "life" as a complex of chemical reactions involving material and energy transformations added force to  the coercive scientific explanation - the developing scientific view of life. Wordsworth had dabbled in politics instead, especially on visiting France during the Revolution. He retuned to England, became a noted poet during his Great Decade 1797-1808, living with his sister, Dorothy in Alfoxden and developing a friendship with Samuel Coleridge. Here he composed his most notable poetry and prose, writtten-in the simple language of the ordinary human. Effectively. he was a Romantic Poet reacting against the enlightened viewpoint described above,  a reaction characterized by the "spontaneous overflow of powerful feelings." The scientific view of the brain helps to explain the origin of such feelings.     Excluded from the previous paragraph - a young, sophomore university fellow attends a course in the Romantic poets. Like Wordsworth at Cambridge, he fells strangely out of place. On reading the Prelude, he is transported in a "moment of powerful feelings" to his childhood at the Sachuest Audobon Reserve - three towering ridges of shale fragments and pudding stone, Cedars, and Lichens, jutting toward the Atlantic - a gift of Nature reached after a short walk from his small, two room cottage and outhouse. He is at home here, "Where the World extends at far as the horizon - and stops". On reading the stanzas of Wordsworth clinging to the ridge after bird snares, he muses - "I do not have to read this, I've lived it!!!" Years after graduation, to make ends meet he takes a part time job at a Garden Center. Here, on a August afternoon, the air as warm and comforting as the amniotic fluid of his darling mother, a thunderstorm approaches. He stares up into the tumbling, nimbus cloud fragments, seething and fomenting the expanse of sky;  in a "moment of powerful feelings" he intones, "Bill, are you there?" In his innermost being he hears the answer - "Of course, my dear friend. I am here." Now to return to the original question alluded to at the outset of this discussion:           "Why did Wordsworth and Lovecraft experience their monsters                 so intensely as to incorporate them into among the most              memorable prose and poetry to be found in the English language?" The Theory of the Bicameral Mind will be advanced as a working hypothesis from Julian Jaynes (1976). Accordingly, the the seat of the "mind" is to be found in the brain stem, limbic system and the left and right hemispheres. Allocated to the brain stem are the simplest forms of thought, including reflexes and the unconscious. To the limbic system are allocated the most basic emotions including love and sex, and the emotions associated with the sacred. In the left hemisphere are located centers for speech, mathematics and analysis including the elements of language. Recent studies after Jaynes and others show the right hemisphere is dominant in social and emotional activities including emotionally charged memories, viz. in speech and singing, swearing, detecting sounds and praying. The two hemispheres interact by way of the corpus callosum to direct and understand human speech. By way of cellular pathways, surficIal and deep seated structures of the brain can interact and trade information. The two major hemispheres carry out semantically alien manipulations and cooperative function is not always possible. One subject on record had an unfortunate disruption where the left hemisphere could not receive certain informations from the right hemisphere, The subject was wracked by violent seizures. Scholars as authors of compendia seem to focus on extreme cases - "fragmented minds. split-brains, dissociation and multiplicity of minds". Less extreme conditions seem unnoticed. Such an arrangement has led some investigators to the conclusion that each hemisphere obtains a separate mind. The slightly different "Foibles" rather than extreme cases might well explain odd personality traits. Consider the flowing instances - Biographers have depicted Lovecraft as (at least) "odd". One story has it that Lovecraft was out walking with friends and came upon an ice cream shop. Lovecraft demanded a small sample of every flavor available. Later, the temperature dropped several degrees, and Lovecraft near collapsed; needing assistance to reach home. One evening he escorted a young damsel to a cemetery, and petrified her with weird tales. In correspondence he often referred to himself as "Grampa". While writing his stories, he excluded natural sunlight and relied on a single electric bulb suspended from the ceiling. One has suggested that Lovecraft was fond of walking at night. Another critic stated that Lovecraft was (mentally?) sick. Bright's Disease from which Lovecraft suffered has psychological, delusional effects. Of late, he has been accused of being racist. Were there any other behavioral peculiarities not recorded by witnesses in order to maintain a sympathetic stance? Biographers and friends have defended Lovecraft, suggesting critics were unsympathetic because they did not understand his blend of prose and personal philosophy. Without these behavioral oddities, would Lovecraft created his superior art? A number of noted creative types have been been classified as Obsessive Compulsive, Van Gogh. among them. A disruption between motivation and satisfaction centers in the brain seems a possible cause. Beethoven worked exhaustively on "Fur Elise", never seeming to be satisfied with the outcome. He had the habit of dumping pails of cold water on his head. He cared little for the praise of others. He believed a god was speaking directly to him for his creations. Lovecraft's excessive use of adjectives might be an expression of compulsion. Wordsworth derived his personality from a (to him) self evident Individualism, and rejected conformity. While at Cambridge University he came in contact with the most vigorous ideas of the time. He developed a distinct sense of living in solitude.The development of the scientific world thought had not much appeal to him. Here a line must be drawn between adopting a world view and feeling innately at home in one. In a word, Wordsworth could be considered a "Loner" finding a home in Windernere and Esthwaite as described in The Prelude. He experienced a sublime pleasure immersed in nature...where he could be truly alone with only nature to commune. He seems to have suffered from s sense of rejection from the world he most ardently wished to be a part - and forced to live in human society whose impulses he did not share - an expression of aspects of  Pantheism. Like Lovecraft he travelled widely within salubrious locations, gathering material for his unique world view recorded in his poetry. Did the feeling of "alienation" ever subside except in the intervals where the world consisted only of him and "him alone" writing of his beloved nature? Did his "smugness if superiority" incite him to shun other people not so situated? While traveling in France he met a young woman and provided her a child. He married another woman and also gave her children. How much of his life did he share with them? To what extent did they play a part in his nature worship?  Reading the last several paragraphs might suggest Wordsworth and Lovecraft were maladjusted misfits in society. Lovecraft had his behavioral peculiarities, sense of isolation, and inability to live a life style others enjoyed.  Wordsworth had his painful sense of isolation from Nature he ecstatically decried, derived from the scientific and merchandizing compulsions of his time. Dr. Farside  might have classified them as, "Just plain nuts!" As would all people of shallow conceptions?. (Cautionary Note - The "Identity" has been characterized by physiologists as a "Necessary Illusion" formulated by the metabolism, and variable with conditions. Use of "evidences" by a biographer to characterize an individual seems to depend more on the initial prejudices of the biographer, whether to ennoble or discredit, than the creation of an impartial analysis.)                                       **      **     **       **     **      **                               Daisy Buchanan - "I don't want to talk about Tom, It makes ne sad....                                   And I want to be happy!' Why, thank you, Daisy.  You are not alone. What would make you (and me) "Happy"? Perhaps, you know, but I doubt it.  The origin of the essentials of humanity probably began millions of years in the past, when some nucleic acids found themselves in the chemically reducing environment of an oceanic fumarole. And using these conditions, a source of materials and energy existed where the essence of life might prosper - the replication of those unique organic molecules, the Nucleic Acids could be achieved.  Everything after that is an "add on," creating the conditions where the replication of DNA and RNA could be achieved.  Happiness, seems to have nothing to do with the matter. A young fellow enters college, studies systematically, a clock at his side on the desk, and photos of "successful people" to inspire him. Four years later, he is awarded a complete scholarship at a prestigious medical school, graduates and takes on an internship. Is he happy? On weekends he (by his own admission) escapes from his fate into a modest apartment, pulls down the curtains, drinks a favorite soft drink....And, reads comic books. Shortly thereafter he is killed in an auto accident. A graduate student walks a path at the University. Little money, no permanent place to sleep, except his car. He feels oddly alien to the environment - the buildings, landscape, the other people separated from him by a right brain emotional emptiness. The library is his only home. He needs a change of clothes and  a bath, but where? What became of all his bright prospects of promise - not kept. He does not contemplate as other do. Where are they who were, "Part of (my) life and mind for many a year? Now these faces seem to look as out of some old picture book. (But) I will find where they have gone, and kiss their lips and hold their hands in mine.  And until a time and times have passed, we will pluck the silver apples of the moon, the golden apples of the sun..." (Sorry, Bill. It's the best I could do,,,,) The sun sets, Jupiter appears overhead; it's getting  colder....and he has to go to the bathroom....   Vinnie was a college sophomore in an engineering program. He wanted to be #1 in what he called, "Social, Physical and Mental." He challenged each one he met to arm wrestling. He had odd study habits - To study calculus, he would go to sleep and do he homework in "a dream," he always said. He met a girl; during the first semester, and went to her classes (instead of his own) and they held hands. Needless say, he was "thrown out" at the end of the semester. He then got a job in "publishing," notably, his memoirs of life in Old Saybrook. He visited the school, smeared with ink. The "publishing' consisted of delivering magazines to newsstands. His new girl (hair combed across her forehead and eyes) would respond to his every comment with - "You are out of your ever loving mind!!" He disappeared for about six years, and reappeared in a mysterious phone call - He was working as a cab driver in San Francisco.   A fellow stands before a bank teller. "At last!" he sighs. "It's Saturday! Now I can do what I want to do!!"                          "It's Saturday night, and I just got paid                             Fool about my money don't try to save                               My heart says go, have a time                      'Cause it's Saturday night and I'm feeling' fine!"                              "Sunday morning my head is bad -                         But it's worth it for the times that I had..."                                                   What? In Boston Massachusetts exist some of the most prestigious colleges and universities in the world. Here, a young fellow spends six years of his life pursuing a goal. He achieves two degrees in the sciences. And as he must, "gets a job." He is not pleased with the outcome, and questions the guidance provided by those in the secondary schools he attended, and his parents. A similar fellow receives awards, scholarships. Then he is told by his parents."You cannot live here any longer. You must get a job." Then begins a free fall, seemingly without a safety net. By accident, he is extended an opportunity doing those activities providing the elusive "satisfaction." - He hears his dearest mother comment to a friend "Some benefit from going to college. Some do not!"  A certain Lou needs a place in life. He becomes an autodidact; takes an inventory of what he likes to do, what he can do, and the opportunities available to him. He devotes all of his energies to these activities, and succeeds in "self realization". Is he sublimely "happy"? He never asks.  How many in the society created by the materialistic, industrial complex dominating life in the United States, reach Lou's status?   An older gentleman reads the Alumni Bulletin from his former college. As each year passes another friend appears in the "In Memoriam" column. Then he sits quietly, and hears W.B. Yeats with his Irish brogue intone:   "I have heard the old old men say, "All that's beautiful drifts away like the waters...."                      Nobel Laureate - "I wish I'd done something different." A young fellow walks along a lonely beach. All is quiet except for a gull, the hiss of collapsing wave foam, and the clicks as snow hits the sand. This is the last time he will come here; the next day begins a "tale told by an idiot", as days pass at "a petty pace,"  in a life "signifying nothing." "Where palsy shakes a few, last gray hairs, where youth grows pale, thin and dies." "Where beauty cannot live".  Yet, in this precious moment he is,                      "Alone,  alone  all all  alone," under a wide, wide sky.                                                                                                        "And I only am escaped to tell thee..."                                               Resolution?          Consider the paper by E. Cardena (2011) in the Journal of Cosmology where the phenomenon of Altered Consciousness is discussed. Given - a. Ordinary Consciousness (OC) does not provide an accurate appraisal of External Reality. b. An Altered Concliouness (ASC) might provide and improved reality in which to exist.  Improvements -  a. Live through life's requirements more effectively b. Increase pleasure c. Explore new possibilities which might contribute to an improved quality of life  d. Obtain valuable knowledge about ourselves and external reality.                                    How to achieve an ASC?  Most appropriate of all techniques available for creating an ASC for this discussion is the use of Fantasy; here indicated as the escape from the effects of the left hemisphere including analytical, sequential reasoning. An example: The chemist, August Kekule was stymied by the empirical formula of the benzene. On a train ride he fell asleep and dreamed of snakes rolling about, hoop-like holding their tails in their mouths. On awakening he departed from the linear concept, and the mystery was solved - The Molecule is a Ring!! The force of the "thought moment" far exceeded any possible solution derived from the sequential, incremental reasoning of science.  In fact, Science has been described as, "A way of making uncreative people creative." That is not to say that the fantastic methods should replace the methods of science completely. The shifting among alternatives of thought are obviously related to imagination and creativity. To achieve this fantastic mode of thought Lovecraft relied on the Self Induced Dream State most heavily for his stories. S. Coleridge enhanced the effect with opium dissolved in alcohol, known as Laudanum. In such a drug enhanced state he dreamt the masterful poetry of Kubla Khan, much of which was forgotten on being awakened by a visitor.  For the casual reader, the Cardena paper will bring about an ASC  - annoying thoughts are driven into the background, possible personal improvements appear, memories of unremembered, unintentional examples will be will burst forth to produce a rush of pleasure. The thought of future attempts at ASC will provide excitement as ennui of past life fades away in an -                                          Altered State of Consciousness Friday!!!! The stultifying experience at Bailey High School was over for three long afternoons. Me and my chums wandered down to Suggie's Magazines - we knew it was really Central News, but but those in the know all called it "Suggie's". Once in Suggie's all was right with the world, with its long narrow confines, glass cabinets to the right filled with cigars, cigarettes and an overflowing supply of sundries. AND, endless wooden magazine racks to the left - all of a seemingly rare wood, darkened over the years to a rich patina and worn smooth by the passage of countless delights sliding over the vertical surfaces above which a sign reminded the fascinated that Suggie's was not a library. The glass before him was worn into a foggy patina; a relic of endless coins pushed across its surface. Looming in the distance, the inevitable, antique Pot Bellied Stove whose tilted chimney shot up into the ceiling and disappeared in a circle of soot. Suggie always called me "Mikey" and my friends by their first names (Wes, Bert, Harry and Alec) and we all called him, "Sir" out of respect for our favorite fellow providing so many delights. And then these delights!! We saw them!!! An almost endless panorama of color, covering the wall, in figures of he-men, wondrous she-women, monsters, hideous villains, and fantastic machines in a staggering array of print proclaiming the most dramatic scenes beyond the wanderlust my friends and I were experiencing in our wildest fantasies - fueled further by their titles - Doc Savage;  War Birds, Ace G-Men Stories, Shadow, Startling Stories. Weird Tales and Adventure!! And the COVER ART - NOTHING LIKE IT BEFORE OR SINCE!! WOW!! Suggie kept a list of titles of "absolutely must haves" for each of us, behind the counter...among them, this week,  Lester Dent's, Resurrection Day  from Friday, Octoberr 20, 1936 issue of Doc Savage  - a definite "must have" - his stories always satisfied our weekly hunger for adventure what with generous portions of escape to mythical places we would never visit, fascinating characters we would come to know better than those we lived with, times with locations fleshed out with details with which we could make fiction real, and men and women living lives nothing like those of our immediate families, teachers, and those of people passing on the street. Beautiful men and women with perfection we could only dream of would exist for us in our imagined futures. In our excitement we never thought out these distinctions, we became them . Some critics admonish that the pulp writers worked from a formula.   Of course!!! These Imagineers knew what we wanted and they provided a treasure trove lasting a life time!!!   This went on for all of my high school years, and the n -  Life Happened. Suggie disappeared, his store sold after WWII and became, Mike's. My friends drifted away, and I departed for a long period of schooling....But I am still haunted by the Friday forays at "Suggie's - The Greatest Magazine Store in the World".  (Derived from papers found in the estate of Michael Bennett, Ace Adventurer of the Imagination.) Lovecraft, as might be expected, carried the idea of an altered state of conscious several steps further than the conceptions Cardena included in his methodology. Instead of modifying your own consciousness, why not steal that of another who seems to have and be all that you could possibly want? And so, at the outset of his, Thing on the Doorstep (1933), Lovecraft describes an exemplary personality under the figure of a childhood friend (it reads like a Lovecraft biography excerpt) of one, Edward Derby in such glowing terms as to lead the reader to believe he was describing himself in an idealized persona - not utterly different from what he was, but with as many improvements in physical and psychological attributes as possible to transform himself into his ideal of a  Chosen One!!? Now the only remaining question is, "How?" In the developed drama he never learns, but Derby's wife who finds Eddie similarly ideal, studies with occult groups, and learns how to steal her husband's personality. Not to hone too sharp an edge on the idea, one is reminded of a photograph of Heinrich Himmler standing on a street corner pointing out the "racially superior" attributes of a blonde child to a group of admiring military officers.                                                    ** ** ** ** Did either Wordswortth or Lovecraft actually see monsters? Does it really matter? They incorporated their sightings or imaginings into poetry and prose, and on doing so improved themselves and readers by stating (as a paperback book declares):           "Here is an incredible journey of thought and history, memory and fantasy a                  tour de force as enthralling as anything anyone has ever devised." Not bad.                                                Cautionary Note: However, we must append a cautionary note. Should humans attempt to live in a world where all is a figment of the imagination - no matter how pleasing? Or a world view which is bolstered by supporting evidence? Evidence built on a. repeatable observations under the same circumstances b. Predictions, or outcomes which occur 99% of the time under controlled circumstances. Evidences commonly used are of two elementary types, a. Persuasive.  b. Coercive. By persuasive is meant the disagreement of a witness is over come....because the evidence supports cherished beliefs, and the like. Coercive evidence cannot be dismissed on any basis other than a "hidden variable" subsequently discovered which alters the paradigm.  How are these distinctions encountered? In elementary classes, evidence is rarely presented. Rather, what the text and the teacher claim must be accepted as supported by reliable evidence. In experiential learning, evidences and predictions are discovered and supported by observation and fulfillment of experimental tests. In the modern society a third unfortunate encounter is fostered. A novice is told by an "expert" what to do and say in carrying out responsibilities. Such individuals are placed in positions of Authority where disagreement is not tolerated.  Did Lovecraft and Wordsworth encounter Monsters? Must their statements be accepted as reliable, or simply accepted with a "wink, wink, nudge, nudge, say no more!"?                                         ****.  **** ****. ****    If dreams are so closely related to imagination and creativity, what exactly is a dream?    "Dreams are older than brooding Tyre, or the contemplative Sphinx, the garden                                                               girdled Babylon."   H.P. Lovecraft   "I had the craziest dream last night. Yes, I did!" - Harry James and Helen  Forrest (1942).                High on the quality list of Lovecraft's dream based stories is, The Call of Cthulhu (1926), where the writer's grand uncle, George Gammell Angell hires a sensitive young student of sculpture, H.A. Wilcox to keep a record of his dreams, that record coming into the hands of the author involving him in the pastiche of research and travel events on which the story is based. Joseph, R. (Journal of Cosmology 2011) reviews the content of dreams similar to those reported by Wilcox, and additional varieties, including Dreams of Genetic Destiny, Dreams of the Future, Dreams of Dramatic Events (Lincoln's dream of his assassination), and Dreams of the Past. The predictive power of such dreams can be dismissed, since they all involve the phenomenon of, "Acausal Parallelism," which is to say they are coincidental, and not uncommon at all. An example - a subject dreams of a friend his has not seen in thirty years, and the next morning meets him on a city street. Such an event occurs about 200 times a day in the United States alone. That is to say nothing of the allurement the witness experiences. Humans love attention which says, "Look at me! I am special because of my unique dream, etc." Such events also seem to involve a moment of "enlightenment." A fellow buys an $80,000 pickup truck and a Emblem of Merit allowing him to tailgate other vehicles, weave in an out of traffic lanes, consider speed limits as "suggestions," and blast his horn the microsecond the light changes. He points to the truck - "That's me!!" His life is, "But a Dream." The sleep process in which dreams appear is divided into five distinct steps, including Rapid Eye Movement Sleep (REM Sleep). Here, the eyes of the subject dart about as though watching some events. Surprisingly, such dreaming has been observed in all mammals. During dreams the subject's brain is involved in considerable information processing, yet the ordinary senses are inactive, and the musculature paralyzed except for that involved in vital functions, breathing, etc. When questioned about dreams on being awakened, the subject reports disordered fragments, linked in disjointed sequences. The most preofound sleep (non-REM sleep) where dreams do not occur seems deepened by the thalamus by its production of "sleep spindles" - short pupulses of activity of specific wavelength originating in the "sensory relay centter." See (Ellembogen, Current Biology, 2010). Note: For a cinematic (accidental?) depiction of a discordant, dream sequence, see the 1935 movie serial, The Lost City. The blurb copy describes it as, "A sweeping and dramatic epic panorama of weird events.'" To say the least!! In Providence, R.I. several hospitals and even Brown University include systems of underground tunnels visitors find disorienting. Lovccraft combined with other fragments based on the author's fascination with "degeneration," derived from his mother declining into senility and his father the ravages of the syphilitic spirochete; this amalgam might have provided him the inspiration for his effective tale of horrors. A specific example of Lovecraft's methods is encountered is his, The Lurking Fear (1922), in which a family in seclusion for three hundred years degenerates into a population of ape like creatures making their way about the country side in s system of underground tunnels. His setting might have been shaped by his reading of a number of other authors, including Jonathan Hoag. The names encountered in the story derived from real and imagined places Lovecraft had seen or dreamed of. The central idea (degenerate, ape like creatures underground) is similar to a Gaelic legend of the "Tuatha." These original inhabitants of an island and their God, De Danaan after a great battle with invading Gaels, (Milesians from Iberia) were defeated and driven underground where they degenerated into a small hideous race quite like described by Lovecraft in his narrative. The point here has Lovecraft obtaining details from many sourses and blending them into seamless whole. His object was to evoke Fear and Dread (from the right hemisphere) leaving the reader with an Unnamable, Featureless, Preternatural lurking (just around the corner, from the left hemisphere). Wordsworth's goal seems diametrically opposite that of Lovecraft; instead, the poet attempts to quiet the fears Lovecraft awakens. In his poem, the Idiot Boy, the revulsion brought on by the child's condition reflects as a shortcoming on the part of the observer. And, the revulsion, he admonishes is felt more by the the upper classes. The lesson is - the idiot's closer association with God. And, the experience evoking the revulsion should lead to improvements in the situation rather than escaping the feeling it brings on. Wordsworth no doubt concurred with Coleridge that the role of poetry is to..."elevate the imagination ...and the affections..."  In a letter he expresses his love of Nature, especially woodlands and grassy expanses and the sublime feeling they induced in him on contemplation that increased love, once induced, he wanted to share with others. Coleridge wrote of the supernatural as did Wordsworth - whereas his denizens were derived from latter's benevolent imagination. Both Coleridge used experiences as described here blended into sublime prose and poetry. Coleridge as influenced by science admitted unreality of imaginative thoughts, whereas, Wordsworth considered them the true "reality."  Beethoven ignored the praise of ordinary mortals. The composer would sit for hours in the Kahlenberg Forest, waiting for God to whisper musical inspiration. (Victor Hugo had similar aspirations, while relaxing in an armchair)  - The resulting embodiment of the speaker was seen in the natural beauty of the woodlands as the composer sat translated into a dreamlike state of rapture. Wordsworth went a step further when his lone dreamlike fascination created creatures roaming about and speaking to him. Later in the fusion of sights and sounds of dreams both would quote their sources of inspiration. Carl Jung (1945) suggested that some elements of dreams are not related to a subject's personal history, instead they are "archetypal-genetic in origin" derived from highly influential, ancient incidents etched into the human mind.   Joseph also reviews the regions of the brain most active in dreaming, including the right hemisphere, and the brain stem, most particularly, the pons, thalamus and occipital lobes. Subjects with left hemisphere damage, have great difficulty reporting their dream contents, since analytical functions occur there. Activities of the right hemisphere in dreaming add emotional and non-verbal elements yielding to the powers of intuitional meaning to dreams. Joseph points out that the right hemisphere uses dream contents to make (apparently) reliable predictions of the future, Also, the right hemisphere may be receiving stimuli from portions of the brain which in the waking state do not occur. The amygdala may contribute to visual events in dreaming, since this structure adds meaning to visual events, including facial expressions, and body language.  A rather nice example of the failure of the left hemisphere to analyze dream contents is Lovecraft's, "The Statement of Randolph Carter." By Lovecraft's admission, the story is told exactly as the events of the dream took place between Lovecraft (pseudonym, "Carter") and Samuel Loveman, as they investigated a grave site. Throughout the short narrative, Carter is confused as to what is the meaning of of the events witnessed. Fear and loathing are abundant, but meaning is not. Finally, Loveman refers to a horror he has unearthed, but cannot  translate his feelings of alarm into a description of their embodiment. The right hemisphere felt the horror, but the left hemisphere was unable to analyze the cause, and Carter is unable to provide suitable testimony of the fate of Loveman to the police. (An Aside -S.T. Joshi in his appraisal of "The Statement of Randolph Carter" takes the opportunity to criticize both Lovecraft and Nietzsche as "cynical", regarding the "illusion of justice" and others abstract ethical principles. Lovecraft had a self taught, scientific background, and did not make "value judgments" as those in the humanities might seem free to do. In the evolution of humans, a state of "individuality," if it existed, must be accepted as a legitimate state of being. And,  the subsequent development of social behaviors, must not be considered "better," but instead those leading to greater differential survival of the group involved. To take the position that humans have evolved social behaviors, more effectively explains why these behaviors are expressed in varying degrees within individual humans. Natural Selection makes no judgements on philosophical or religious precepts; instead whether survival is achieved. Since more than 99% of evolved creatures in Earth's history have become extinct up to the present day, few if any evolved behaviors seem to have led to survival in perpetuity; and Nature takes little heed of the fate of its evolved products.    Even this brief description of the physiology of dreams production will remind the reader of personality characteristics already known and those learned in this presentation of Lovecraft and Wordsworth. Most simply, the particular dominance of their right hemispheres, revealed in  their disdain for our most reliably, analytical language, namely mathematics.  Lovecraft intuitively used strategies to manipulate the frequency and content of his dreams, including placing precipitating items under his pillow before sleep,  For some individuals (including our subjects?) the lingering effects of the dream state into the waking stature are well known. In an informal interview a writer admitted napping from eight to ten thirty before working. On awakening, he often had unique thoughts, for which in a "lightness of being" he had an intense compulsion to record. The tumult of everyday activities fell away under such circumstances, and as he sat in darkness except for his lamp, table and typewriter -  out of this apparent emptiness the flow of ideas began - on rereading his work at a later time it seemed to have been written by someone else. Lovecraft in a correspondence entry reports he wrote a portion of Nyarlathotep after a dream before he was fully awake.  Did Lovecraft and Wordsworth experience "hallucinations"? Not that, "There is anything wrong with that!" but the question would add power to explain their minds' contents. "Hallucinations" are experiences without sensory input, yet with considerable feel of being real. According to Joseph, R., all such experiences seem centered in a right hemisphere activation,  naturally, or experimentally induced in the visual association areas of the neocortex or amygdala. Related experiences include Day Dreams. High levels of activity in the amygdala, temporal lobes and hippocampus produce vivid experiences of horrific and purient content. Subjects report communing with and receiving messages from spiritual  creatures, including gods, angels and the like. Others have Ecstatic Feelings of what amounts to the long sought after Perfection not experienced by others in the "real world." Most effective in producing these illusions (?) is stimulation of the temporal lobe, hippocampus and amygdala. Adding ancillary factors including accounts reported by Damsels, Aged Seers, Charismatic Speakers, and others of that ilk might make their words undeniably true to the fatuous witness, being careful not to exclude the performers themselves. Beethoven is identified as the greatest composer of classical music. Why? The average listener cannot document this judgment, except, "Everybody says so." Beethoven claimed that God had whispered the music to  him in the Kahlenberg Forest, and was beyond repute of ordinary humans.  Hallucination or not? Wordsworth in a similar vein thought that nature spoke to him when he was surrounded by its beauty, as when out rowing. He saw figures in the distance moving in ways humans do not move. He disdained science and attempts at rational explanation. He recorded his thoughts when as inspired in The Prelude. Hallucination or not? Lovecraft knew the power of his imagination in taking real experiences, and in the waking and dream state, and allowed them to rearrange in atmospheric scenarios he recorded, He made no claims of divine inspiration. One difference distinguishing Lovecraft from the other pair was his source of scientific knowledge, largely self-taught leading him to see that humans were fearful of the knowledge the human brain could create. He wrote weird fiction in an attempt to perceive the world outside of the confines of Time and other aspects of Natural Laws. Hallucinations to him were natural events.                                           The Influence Of Mommy Of late the psychoanalytic ideas of Freud have come to be thought of as outdated and no longer standing up to scrutiny. Yet, there is always the chance that he will come into fashion again, at some later date. Mothers were often considered more important than any one else in the development of a young man's psyche, including his self image created in childhood that haunts him throughout his later years. Lovecraft spent much off his childhood being doted upon by his mother and and two aunts. She convinced him he was "ugly". How did this influence Howard's later life? (Reminds one of the archetypal story of Cinderella.)  She, according to one report removed him from school, when he was quite young. Could Lovecraft have developed feminine sensibilities derived from the behaviors of his mother and aunts, rather than male members of the family? As evidence see photographs above - a. as a child in girlish hair and .clothing. b. as a young boy in typical boyish garments. These comments are not intended to denigrate Lovecraft in the slightest, rather suggest preferences of his mother. A review of photographs of the era show that the practice was fashionable at the time. A newborn is presented to its mother, and she is asked whether it is male or female; even though the genitalia are in full view,  Subsequently, hormonal treatments are used to inforce the mother's judgement. Pediatricians have identified the practice as "child abuse." In the film, The Aviator,  Hughes' mother encouraged him to keep other people in "Q-u-a-r-a-n-t-i-n-e." Did this have anything to do with the origin of his compulsive hand washing to rid himself of other people's inferiority? His mother had the same aversion, and checked his body intimately. Wordsworth lost his mother when he was very young, and had lost both parents when still a teenager. Did the loss of his parents present difficulties in establishing "friendships?" Facilitated a compulsive dedication to his sister, Dorothy? The "Smugness of Superiority" which overcame him in later life? His disjointed relationship with Annette Vallon?  Beethoven had a loving relationship with his mother who died when he was sixteen. He mirrored his father's rough treatment of him and other people. Psychologists today suggest that a good relationship with mother as a child and as an adult are essential to a good life.                          "Were these people living variations of Faery Tales?" Thinkers ranging from C. Jung to E.O. Wilson, have suggested that meaningful stories are all based on Faery Tales, including the story of the origin of the psyche of human beings. Consider the following:                                                 A Faery Tale A young woman sees her face reflected in a mirror. She muses over her beauty. She marries and produces children, including one daughter. When the child reaches young adulthood, one afternoon on looking into the mirror, the mother hears, "You no longer the most beautiful of the family. Your daughter is." The daughter then marries a forceful young man who whispers during a loving embrace, "Your hair is so beautiful!" At summer meetings of the family at a bluffside home overlooking a breath taking shoreline, the mother strives to exclude the daughter, so that the family's attention is not directed toward the daughter rather than her. The girl escapes the mother's domination when other members of the family, all men, invite her anyway. Further, the mother advises her daughter one afternoon, "Your hair needs cutting!" much the way the Queen of Alice in Wonderland told Alice. The forceful husband then explains, "You daughter is twenty three years of age. Don't you think she can decide when to cut her hair?" A final bitter/sweet incident occurred when the mother now of middle age, posed on a beach with her granddaughter. The truth revealed by a photograph caused her to demand the picture be destroyed.  Without exaggeration, these events are one reenactment of the "Snow White Faery Tale," as described by her thoughtful husband. Without his influence, the young woman would have developed the misconception - "I am not beautiful." Even her brothers might play the role of Snow White's dwarfs. Her husband is the Prince.  A teen age girl is somewhat of a tomboy. When her mother went shopping, she would ask for about "Twenty feet of good rope!" rather than makeup or a pretty garment. Then she reaches thirteen. One day in class she spies a young man admiring her from across the classroom. From then on, she asks the mother for makeup on shopping trips. Sleeping Beauty has awakened.  Humans have the longest childhood of any  mammal. The Faery Tales summarize many of the influential events which will occur (successfully or not) for the development of a functional psyche. Their meanings are etched into the genome,  Now returning to our subjects -  How did their odd childhoods foster psyches not typically formed, and suiting them for artistic sublimations of their discontent? Lovecraft composed Polaris most probably in 1918, depicted are the events the central character experienced in a "dream" where he is transported to the Realm of the Lomarians. Initially he is only an observer from "above," viewing the multiplicities of topography and architecture, but then in reality becomes a citizen of Lomar, now involved in a war with an advancing army of the Inutos. He plays the role of sentinel based on his keen eyesight, but cannot be a soldier since he was "FEEBLE AND GIVEN TO STRANGE FAINTINGS WHEN SUBJECTED TO STRESS AND HARDSHIP." Lovecraft reveals in a letter his extreme sense of reality suggesting he had visited the Land before, and was hard pressed and fearful to remember the details. The most significant of the details is he is lured to sleep by the Polaris star and betrays the trust of his countrymen, leaving him haunted. Interpreters have denied the event as a "dream fantasy" but "possession by an ancestor" achieved by the return of Polaris once again to its polar position.  This same concept of "possession by an ancestor," is applied in modified form by Lovecraft in one of his most admired creations - The Shadow Out Of Time.   "The Tomb (1917) is a near perfect exemplar of the possession  by an ancestor, in a brief, and intense form. A susceptible reader will recognize a record of his own childhood - the intensity of the "free impulse" imparted by the wild surroundings, materials derived from another time and manipulated by artisans with methods unknown. Archaic structures hide spaces where the essence of those artisans (and unknown forms) can be glimpsed in the shadows. The feeling, "I know what others do not," arises and personal relations developed fuse the child and the place in one ecstatic union, enveloped in the all encompassing, "I AM."  In his enchanted world, Lovecraft heard voices speaking in an idiom that invaded his original personality and transformed him into a past identity; And in a manner more intense than Blake, reclined in a casket found empty, marked with only a single name. The state of Possession by an Ancestor is and the blending of Reality and Fantasy is possible only in those minds significantly departed from the everyday. Who experiences the world in its greatest abundance?  Wordsworth reported similar experiences (possession by an ancestral spirit) where also in the presence of the celestial bodies he reports:                                  "But Huge and mighty Forms that do not live                                   Like living men, mov'd slowly through the mind                                   By day and were a trouble to my dreams."                                   ...With what strange utterance did the loud dry wind                                   Blow through my ear! the sky seemed not a sky                                   of Earth -- and with what motion moved the clouds!                                              ....a huge peak, black snd huge                                   As if by voluntary poet instinct,                                    Upreared its head....                                   And growing still in stature the grim shape                                   Towered up between me and the stars                                    ...with purpose of its own....                                   And measured motion like a living thing.                                                  strode after me. (For complete lines see Prelude -Book 1; Lines, 335; 580-6; 395-400, et. al.) After this experience he was badly shaken; and then transformed as though never to recover his firmer self. His brain worked in "unknown modes of being"...and he fell into "solitude" or "blank desertion."  The "grim creature" had replaced Wordsworth's mind with one like its own. Conceivably, his experiences at Cambridge in science and mathematics were disabled by this encounter with the Ancestral Spirit. .                                 And more than all, a strangeness of my mind                                 A feeling that I was not for that hour,                                 Nor for that place... Would his sister and almost constant companion have reacted in this way, or even had these dream like experiences? Dorothy has been sympathetically identified by educators as the source of a significant portion of Wordsworth's poetry. That suggestion is not entertained here. Dorothy's learning style is judged to be, Concrete Sequential, since she was not interested in abstractions, but rather "objects". She was interested punctuality and other forms of neatness. She was dedicated to tasks and worked dilegently to complete them. While at Grasmere and Alfoxden she carefully noted shapes and colors of plants using them to establish gardens, or reciorded them in her poetry along with vivid descriptions off weather effects.  One garden consisted of local species of mosses collected and arranged about the cottage. When she saw daffodils along a lakeshore, she reported them to William who then wrote his poem. Would Dorothy have stolen snared birds? Or "borrowed" a rowboat, and be so haunted by guilt that monsters shambled after her? Coleridge answered these questions undeniably:                        In every motion her most innocent soul                      Outbeams so brightly, that who saw would say,                      Guilt was a thing impossible for her." William admired her simplicity of feeling, and admired her thus:                      "...in thy voice I catch                      The language if my former heart, and read                       My former pleasures in shooting lights                       Of thou wild eyes. Oh! yet a little while                       May I behold in thee what I was once...."  She valued most highly the dream for a home. Her skill at describing wild plants might have suited her for work in writing descriptions of plants for manuals being developed at the time. Gray's Manual of Botany was published in 1858 the year she would have reached 87 years. She might have been suited for other scientific rather than literary pursuits. Nonetheless, she almost certainly applied her skills in adding to William's creative work.  Nelson, K., The Journal of Cosmology (2011) deciphers Lovecraft's and Wordsworth's experiences by placing them in the Borderlands of Consciousness and Dreams. According to this medical doctor, dreams during the REM sleep have a feeling of intense reality including shifts of that reality in strange ways and that reality is convincing no matter how weird the result. Further, inactivation of the dorso-lateral prefrontal brain is one possible source of the subsequent denial of waking reality. Such judgments apply to Near Death Experiences, as well. For an approach to experiencing these Borderlands, obtain the film prepared by the H.P. Lovecraft Historical Society, The Call of Cthulhu (2005). One review provided on the DVD jacket proclaims the film, "a gorgeous, haunting, pitch perfect mini epic" (from The Stranger, Seattle Washington). One caveat, the film is formulated on the silent film techniques. Such might put off the average film viewer. If so, watch the film at least five to ten times.and do that viewing 1.5 to 2.0 hours before wishing everyone "Nighty, night!" During the interval of transition from wakefulness to sleep, the exaggerated facial expressions, the musical cacophony, and the weird imagery in the style of the 1920's, blends with modern effects and will be rendered as vividly real and horrific to you as to the characters in the film. This experiential blending of wakefulness and dreaming will provide a singular episode "undreamed of!!" If nothing else, you might be scared witless by what the HPLHS will do if you copy the film. Oh, and  in one special scene model boats seem to float in an aquarium since the oceanic surface is seen in section.       Joseph, R.  documents the role of cholinergic neurons as essential to the induction and continuation of REM sleep, and the cessation of such sleep mediated by secretion and non-secretion of cholinergic substances, including serotonin.  Lovecraft's failure as a sentinel due to fainting spells under stress might have haunted him as signs of personal weakness.   Wordsworth's communications with Nature recorded in the Prelude, may have had a similar origin in an advanced dream state, a substitute for absence of supportive adults in life. His decision to become a poet derived from his inventory of abilities, interests and opportunities to achieve the behaviors of a  successful life, based on his (selective) observations of wildlife in natural settings. This "selectivity" ignores his inability to live in the Nature seeming so "profligate" of its creations.                                                 Conjecture: In this brief paper have been considered a variety of factors (not all) contributing to the psyches of Lovecraft and Wordsworth suitable for composing sublime poetry and prose. Now for an answer. Has the goal been reached? Most briefly, "Certainly not!" The noted astronomer/physicist S.Hawking said (in paraphrase) of free will, the contributing factors are so numerous and varied, their Interactions so complex, they cannot be deciphered. And, Penrose might have suggested, an as yet uncreated, non-mathematical physics is required to answer the question. The most one can say is they did write their creations. They did communicate with some form of "monsters," subsequently wrote about them in a form no other had. Both Wordsworth and Lovecraft had the property of consciousness by which they' gave existence to such monsters. M. Scorsese makes the point in the film, Life Lessons that art derives from a culmination of factors, in a compulsion undeniable in its enveloping force. Michelangelo might have had such a compulsion in four years he spent completing the Sistine Chapel art. And, what does "Them" or "They" refer to? Mere illusions?                                          Greek Tragedy -  Ormí í Kinitikí Enérgeia? : Chorus - Central to the methodology of Science is the process of Reductionism - A pretty balloon on the end of a string, held in the hand of a delighted child at a parade depends on the "momentum" of the enclosed gases. To explain the "POP!"of the balloon (if it occurs at once, or gradually over time) the scientist relies on the momentum of the enclosed, helium gas molecules. Does the child see the "momentum?" Likely not, except in the imagination of a prodigy. Here, the equation                                                    p = m x v comes to mind, Where  "p" is momentum, "m" is mass and "v" is velocity. One misguided (?) "sage" suggests kinetic energy - that equation is:                                                  k.e. = 1/2 m x v^2 Which is  the effective conception?  People Watching the Parade - "Momentum of course. Momentum and kinetic energy are somewhat mysterious, including one cannot derived from the other!" resounds a roar of voices.   Chorus - Is  that so? Oenone, a Paphian raises her arms, palms up (with aplomb, and a plum partly eaten inscribed: "To the Most Fair") -  "Yes!! My father told me, and he knows everything!!" Rumpled, Disheveled Individual - "Each is a  Phlogley. We imagine they exist, define them mathematically and use them where needed to explain facts and make predictions."  A Dryad Nymph, surounded by shadows numberless, "I do not trust equations -                              a^2 + b^2. = c^2   but   a^3 + b^3 =/= c^3 "                                          "So There!" ] Chorus - Why not?  Dryad retorts, "Paris, the mathematician, says that numbers have different colors."  A tiny, smug little fellow, with a high pitched voice, pudgy face and a collar labelled, "DUM"  exclaims, "We cannot ignore the heat and work processes! No how!" Then from the background, a pale, dreamy, plump imp puts in his word's worth -"Your equations are merely a succedaneum to prop your infirmity...."  Further in the background a profound voice from a small town exclaims: "There are more things, Horatio than are dreamt of in your philosophy....." A Valedictorian speaks next (in haughty tones) - "Why is Momentum like Kinetic Energy? Ask Edgar Allan Poe. He wrote on both!" Lilith, a particularly lovely young woman now pipes up - "In  Genesis 32,  Adam is sitting under the Tree of Knowledge, and an apple bops him on the head.  He muses, 'OOOOh! I see!! This is momentous! The only problem is I have no one to tell. All Eve wants to do is, "Develop my personality - Out there!!!'"  An almost feaureless child, near blended with the scenery, so far avoiding notice: "What? Who? Me? I have never had the talent for speaking easily to people I meet for the first time...Where did we all come from?"                                      "At the start, let us get this in                               Since then is the best place to begin.                                     All was in a massive "ball"                                         Unified in all and all.                                  Uncertain to remain this way                                   Uncertainty carried it astray                               One bit stole vim from a neighbor                              Without the slightest strain or labor.                                    Others then got the notion                              And all the mass was set in motion.                                  No cathedral bells loudly rang,                                  To celebrate the Biggest Bang!"                                                                      Chorus - Is Mr. Newton here?  Maybe he knows, if he speaks anything but equations. Just now in a dream (from on high?)  he said, "Kinetic energy has no direction." This moment of thought occurs to all present.  Then a child with a quizzical look (her father was a teacher) - "What about 'nothing'?"                                          Multiplicity into Unity -                                              Unity into Multiplicity                                         Fusing "+" and "-" into "Zero"                                               "Zero into "+" and "-"                                           Inspired by a Hindu Hero.  Chorus - Who shall we listen to? Any of these? Beethoven thought he was inspired by God, like Wordsworth, speaking through the Beauties of Nature; better, the demands of his inner most analytical procedures of the Left Hemisphere. There is no substitute.  Someone skilled in the asking of questions. Is Socrates here? No? Someone go to The Thinkery and get him. A misguided teacher? - "Shut up and calculate!"                                     **                    ***                       **  Chorus - Meanwhile, deep down in the Bunker Line of Victoria Tunnel two Eccentric Philosophers are investigating the Balloon - Momentum - Kinetic Energy  Problem, experimentally; one is wearing a large hat and garb resembling a Furniture Salesman; the other with a pinched face giving him the aspect of a Hare in March (caught in a trap). Each is continuously in a Dream State. Building from a murmur, we hear them.... Salesman - "I told you Ozone would not suit the Works!" Hare - "It was the best Ozone!!" Salesman - "There must have been some "flatulence" in it." Chorus - As these words are spoken a young girl enters, unannounced. She adjusts her hair and dress while looking in a mirror. Nearby stands an ancient Candelabra, a still Glass Domed Clock and other Bric a Brac; into a patina of dust a finger has traced, "INERTIA." Nearby a note reads, "DUST ME"  She ignores the note and seats herself at the table, facing the two men at the opposite end. Little Alice - "Momentum and energy! Oh good!  A Riddle.  I believe I can guess that!!!" Salesman - "You mean you known the answer?" Little Alice - "That means the same thing, you know! What is the answer?" Salesman - "I haven't the faintest idea!" Hare - "Nor I!!" Little Alice - "I think there are better ways of spending one's time than speaking in Riddles With No Answers!" Salesman and Hare - "Heh! Heh! HEH! Heh! Heh!" Little Alice - "By the way...." Hare - "I prefer 'By the by..."  Salesman - "Since this is not about me, let's change the subject...." Mouse, Guarding  the Door - "It's time to go. Do not insult Time. He is a very sensitive fellow!" The Salesman and Hare leave, to be replaced by a Large Caterpillar on a Pedestal. Little Alice -"And who are you?" Caterpillar (sipping Laudanum) - "More importantly,  Who are you?"  Little Alice sees her reflection in a glass - "Goodness! I am an Old Woman!"  Caterpillar - "So you think! Look there!" Five notes appear, hovering in the air before Alice as she reads - "Free Energy, Enthalpy, Temperature and Entropy." The fifth, Information floats nearby. Little Old Alice - "What do they all mean?" Caterpillar: "They are who you are,,,," Little Alice - "They are all very strange to me!"  A dish of tarts appears, each with an "E" printed on it  - "Take one, we have plenty." Caterpillar: "*******!" The caterpillar has become a chrysalis, and says nothing inteligible. Little Alice (now an old woman) - "Will nothing save me?" The Chrysalis by now has sprouted wings, and floats away. Little Older Alice remains at the table, and her mind wanders away.    Chorus - Create a unique self and a unique world for it to inhabit.                               **               **           ** Far above at the Parade route, a debate has  broken out, and in the process the happy child, the balloon, the Parade are all forgotten, as one of the innocent sages dreams of a Nobel Prize. To be sure we are not dreaming a fantasy,  consider the advice of the Final Authority, Albert Einstein (he happens to be at the parade flirting with the girls) who exclaims: "The best ideas are formed completely within the human mind without reference to observable objects!!"   Ok. If that is the way you feel about it....  So, can we forget about the parade, and concentrate on equations? Does the complete child have any legitimate existence as a level of reduction, or is there some other basis of explanation that does not depend on going to deeper levels of structure? (Be careful. only one or two levels is allowed!! Do not get carried away!). So, let's call in the Quantum Physicists here.  Fellas, when I look at the child holding the balloon, is she really just a collection of atoms, molecules, chemical reactions, etc.? as the reductionists demand? Or, do they lapse into probability waves and the "child exists"? The child now reminds one of Schrodinger's Cat in some tangential way...Is the "Whole Child" (Incidentally, isn't she the cutest thing!?) a legitimate particular in thinking?  Physicists - "Well, er, uh!"  Chorus - I see! Ok, lets's call in Roger Penrose and ask him. I saw him a minute ago at the Refreshment Stand. Rog, Old Buddy do we need a new kind of non-computational thinking to preserve her? Or, are my brain structures forcing me to hope?  I'm relying on you, Old Buddy! Incidentally, can you spare a buck fifty? Baby Snooks needs another balloon. Hers just "floated away".                                                         Radio Drama Announcer: "The makers of Exorbitant Prescriptions bring you tonight's episode of, 'Herbert West and the Secret Formula,' written by Art Hackman, one of radio's better known writers. Narrator: In an abandoned, Rhode Island farm house, two figures hover over over a makeshift table supporting a recently deceased body. One is a genius, an evil genius, Herbert West!! The other his simple minded, female assistant, Glossy Glitz. West - "This is the freshest body so far....the life processes should respond when I   apply my secret   formula !!  The properties called, "Him" should emerge, also. You did a superb job of smuggling the body from the hospital!!" Glitz - (Asking questions so the audience can follow the script) - "What causes  death ? Have your experiments revealed the process..?"  West - "I immersed myself in five years of research to resolve that quandary, Some causes are reversible, and some irreversible. I thank Humphrey Davy as one of the first to suggest that HUMAN CONSCIOUSNESS will  control all physical and chemical Natural Processes!! No longer will the World change by CHANCE, but now the intelligent design and purposes of Humanity will be the driving force!!. I will reinvent the human body to completely circumvent   Death!!   My advantage over all the others is I ignore the niceties of the moral compass!! Tonight t he key was to obtain that  FRESH BODY!!       "My enemy, Dr. Frankencense, a physiology professor at Arkham University, was preparing a paper where he identified the influx of calcium ions though the body's cell membranes as the irreversible cause of death !!  I filched  that paper right from under his nose!! Ha! Ha! By the way, where are your aides in obtaining the corpse?" Glitz -  "They will not be down for breakfast!!  Hey!  Speaking of which, I thought calcium was good for you!!??" West - " FORGET ABOUT THAT ,  'Good for you' says nothing, except on cereal boxes. Now, Miss Glitch, today is a Peak Moment in the history of Science. For we are to bring about the culmination of my life's work!!!" Glitch - "Wow! Congratulations!! What are we going to do?" West - "For the last ten years  I have sought a discovery to give meaning and permanence to my life!!  An now that goal will be realized...with only you and I as witnesses. The rest of humanity has not sufficient mentality to recognize my genius!!" Glitz - "Gee thanks!!!" West - "While I was in the slaughter house known as the War, I was given the dismembered remains of soldiers to experiment with, including that of my one and oaly friend in life who shared my aspirations. At the time, I thought the human "consciousness" was extended across all parts of the body, and survived when those parts were separated, e ven in a 'tissue culture'!!  I was mistaken in that premise though I was briefly convinced by  false evidence  and my overwrought imagination. Now I know better!! And, you might notice, I left out the buzzing machines, weird lights and other gadgets I never looked at. They were meaningless, though atmospheric!!" Glitz - "So, this is the BIG DAY!!" West - "Yes, indeed!! My research has shown that there is a connecting phenomenon which links all of the elements of human metabolism, but none of the elements, including atoms, molecules, chemical reactions or tissue structure possesses it. This property is, EMERGENCE, where the complex interplay creates a higher level of interaction, creates new properties, including the IDENTITY among its glorious manifestations!" Glitz - "That's weeeid!"  West - "The great difficulty was obtaining "FRESH SPECIMENS!!"   before the calcium ions influxed the cells through the membranes and precipitated the functional elements. That change is irreversible!!!"  Glitz: "How exciting!!! Congratulations!!! I'm  awful at remembering things you say in class!!! I do pay attention, though!!"  West - " Less than the Minimum Wage, apparently.  Now, let's see what happens!!! Pass me those bubbling, colored vials oozing hissing vapors containing my magnificent Reanimatrum!!  Where's my most sinister facial expression? Here it is!   Now for our first trial!! Glitz - "Brrrrr! BRRRRR!!" West - "What's that?" Glitz - "A drum roll!!  Ow! I sliced my finger on that scalpel!!!!" West - "I'll stritch it up later!!" Glitz - "You're too rough!!" West - "Ok, suture self. Heh! Heh!"  West and Glitz,  (As Beethoven's Symphony #5 barrages the room.) - "Where did that come from?"  Narrator - Both remain motionless staring at the burly, figure of human remains...Then - "Corpse" - "(groan...groan) Oh! What is this? Where am I? (OOOHH!!)" West - "It's ALIVE!! IT'S ALIVE!! Oh, Glitz! It's ALIVE!!!"  Glitz - "Is he married?'  Narrator - Tune in next week for our NEXT EXCITING EPISODE - "No Soap!" or "West Spills his Magic Formula!!                                                 **                                  " All  we see or seem                           Is but a dream within a dream."                                            Poe E.A.                     "Right Brain Imagination Left Brain Analysis                                                                               Science                              Imagination Meets Analysis                                           yields                                                        Tentative, Reliable Thought                                        Understanding                                             Lovers' Lane?"                                                  "Forget About It!!"                                                                                Brasco, D.                                                                                       "Your Old Buddy, Whizbang!!"                                                                                            .     .