String Cheese Incident Winter Carnival Roots Revival Tour The Crown Room Crystal Bay Club Crystal Bay, NV 17-MARCH-2017 https://archive.org/details/StringCheeseIncident&tab=about Please visit the Live Cheese tab on stringcheeseincident.com to purchase an officially released recording of this show;  http://www.livecheese.com/live-music/0,15891/The-String-Cheese-Incident-mp3-flac-download-3-17-2017-Crystal-Bay-Club-Casino-Crystal-Bay-NV.html Recorded By: RasBobre https://www.facebook.com/rasbobrerecordings https://archive.org/search.php?query=rasbobre Mic Location: Rafter Mounted 12 Feet Off Stage/12 Feet High AKG C414 XLII (Cardioid, 20 cm) > Zoom Handy H6 > Audacity **24bit, not intended for CD Burning** * A Devildogs Production Show * For upcoming shows at the Crystal Bay Club please visit Devildog Productions website, http://devildogshows.com/ Setlist: 01 - Indian Creek 02 - Way Back Home 03 - Joyful Sound 04 - Think of What You’ve Done 05 - The Remington Ride 06 - Deal 07 - Outside and Inside 08 - Smile 09 - Let’s Go Outside 10 - These Waves > Djibouti Bump 11 - Rhythm Of The Road > Crystal Bay Jam > Sirens 12 - 4th of November 13 - Rivertrance > Drums > Desert Dawn 14 - Sweet Spot About the Band: Over the past decade, The String Cheese Incident has emerged as one of America’s most significant independent bands. Born in 1993 in Colorado's Rocky Mountains, SCI has since released 10 albums, 5 DVDs and countless live recordings from their relentless tour schedule. Their 14 year history is packed full of surreal experiences, epic moments, groundbreaking involvement and huge accomplishments. They have been recognized for their commitment to musical creativity and integrity, for their community spirit, philanthropic endeavors, and for their innovative approach to the business of music. When The String Cheese Incident’s growth first started gaining momentum over a decade ago, the internet was just beginning to take hold and the major-label business model was failing; the band decided then to make music on their own terms. Since then, The String Cheese Incident has gone on to carve out a completely different approach to the business of music; they are truly pioneers of the new way of “making a band.” With the World Wide Web as their tool, SCI was among the first artists to disseminate information via the internet - such as tour dates, release information, and other news - to their growing fan base. Rather than doing business on such terms as “the bottom line,” The String Cheese Incident put their music and their fans first, offering such fan services as ticketing, travel, and merchandise to best serve their community. The band’s record label, SCI Fidelity Records, has always operated under the same ideals. Even early on, SCI Fidelity embraced downloadable music and file sharing, delivering SCI’s “On the Road” series, where every show the band plays is made available for download on the internet. Whether they realized it at the time or not, The String Cheese Incident was inventing grassroots band development. Today, literally thousands of bands are using some version of this same approach to building a band. The String Cheese Incident’s commitment goes well beyond their immediate community, and even beyond the music community as a whole. Early on, the band took a serious interest in giving back to the communities that they visited, and they were among the first performers to encourage “Green” shows and tours. SCI’s support has helped give rise to such not-for-profit organizations as Conscious Alliance, Rock the Earth, and Head Count. In 2002, when the band’s right to sell tickets to their own shows became threatened by ticketing giant Ticketmaster, the band stood strong for the independent music community and filed a lawsuit against the company. All the while, The String Cheese Incident has stayed committed to music as a creative endeavor, not just in their recordings but also in their live performances. The list of SCI’s special guests and collaborators is long and diverse. Their annual events such as Horning’s Hideout and holiday shows such as New Year’s and Halloween have helped redefine the concert experience and has garnered the band a reputation as live music vibe innovators. About the Show: The String Cheese Incident made a welcome return to Lake Tahoe Friday. March 17, at the Crystal Bay Casino, opening a three-night Winter Carnival Tour finale. When it was announced months ago the legendary jam band would close out its Winter Carnival Tour in Tahoe, all three nights sold out in minutes. The run is the hottest ticket of the winter and you could feel that gravitas when you walked into the Crown Room. The place was packed. Like 15-hippies-piled-into-a-VW-van packed. If they had sold tickets to hang from the rafters and watch, they would have been able to sell those out, too. The String Cheese Incident brings out the best in some people. It was awe-inspiring to see all those fun-loving humans synced together for the sole purpose of dancing and laughing the night away to the the heady vibes of SCI. Hands down, it was the best environment to catch a show at the Crystal Bay Club in years. The Winter Carnival Tour is meant to be a return to SCI’s roots, playing smaller venues in the mountain towns that helped cultivate its sound and fans. The group decorated the stage with lamps and rugs to mark the intimate occasion and opened with an acoustic-eque first set. Michael Kang (guitar, fiddle), Michael Travis (drums), Bill Nershi (guitar), Kyle Hollingsworth (keyboards), Keith Moseley (bass), and Jason Hann (percussionist) strolled out on stage around 9:15 p.m., looking relaxed and stoked to be playing for a mass of loving people cheering warmly. To kick off the celebration, The String Cheese Incident opened with the rousing instrumental “Indian Creek,” and everyone was off together on a trip to psychedelic bluegrass territory (much like the Moab Desert climbing spot that inspired the song). The band then beautifully transitioned into the tropical musings of “Way Back Home” and the night’s first ecstatic release from the crowd swelled through the room. That unique cross-pollination of Latin rhythms and acoustic jamming with a light undercurrent of funk is a big part of String Cheese’s sound and the musicians relished taking the song to new heights as the crowd bobbed along with them. After a revitalizing “Joyful Sound,” Nershi smiled at the group of knucklehead dancers that had packed themselves in the Crystal Bay Club and merrily proclaimed, “Whoever is here are our people!” The place erupted in applause. The ebullient frontman certainly personified the laid-back vibe of both the region and the crowd by going barefoot in a brown, weed-embroidered cowboy shirt and jeans with his white beard and locks flowing freely. The band is just a slightly more polished rag-tag group of climbers and ski bums who enjoy weed, beer and the outdoors, who happened to “make it” playing music. If those aren’t cultural heroes to the Tahoe area, then no one is. The first set ended with the one-two punch of classics “Outside Inside” and “Smile” before the band took a 15-minute break. Fans took the party to the craps tables and parking garage as SCI refueled its engines. The first set had been a reunion of sorts and many were feeling the glow of reconnecting with one of their favorite bands. The feeling was mutual, as Kang opened up the second set with a brief telling of their past stints in Tahoe. One night after a show at the now-closed Lakeview Pizza they all nestled together and slept on the floor of the bar, only to be woken up by the morning janitor and asked to leave. Kang also revealed that Moseley met his wife for the first time at a show at the defunct Bluewater Brewery that used to be near Squaw Valley (RasBobre note: Bluewater Brewery used to be behind Safeway in Tahoe City. Asante Lakeside Fitness now occupies the space.), which elicited some spirited yelps from the crowd. SCI skipped into the second set with a bubbling “Let’s Go Outside.” The sunny, hippie platitudes of the verses and chorus descended into a hazy funk led by the indomitable fingers of Hollingsworth. As the band was rippling through “These Waves,” you could feel the musical camaraderie flowing between all the musicians. Like the crowd, they were huddled tightly together on stage (especially considering the festivals and amphitheaters they usually play) and they eagerly passed the jam back and forth between themselves like a spliff. Kang, Hollingsworth and Nershi all had their moments, while Hann, Travis and Moseley kept the rhythm on track. All of them had each other’s back and were invested in the musical direction they were heading. Kang and Nershi couldn’t stop smiling and neither could the crowd. A mammoth “Rivertrance” into “Desert Dawn” brought the second end to a close, a nod that you always save the best for last. “Happy St. Patrick’s Day,” quipped Kang before his fiddle catapulted the band into the sprawling instrumental “Rivertrance.” At some point the gang fell into a kitchen-sink jam where Travis, Hann and Moseley held down a subtle heavy metal rhythm while Hollingsworth sprinkled crystalline synths over Kang’s Byzantine fiddle riffs. It really shouldn’t have worked and any String Cheese-hater would point to that musical exploration first as to why they don’t like the band. But the fact is that it was jaw-droppingly impressive for the band to somehow find the common thread in that musical odyssey, something SCI has done its entire career, and the audience was kicking up a storm dancing to it. After a hyperspeed drum spectacle from Hann and Travis the group morphed the jam into the pulsing rocktronica of “Desert Dawn.” A blistering closing section left everyone in the room, from the stage to the crowd, in an euphoric buzz. The String Cheese Incident capped its first night in Tahoe with the feel-good “Sweet Spot,” a song that perfectly captured where the band and the audience were at the moment. It was a magnificent return to the area for SCI and a memorable night of music. With two nights of music left to go in the Winter Carnival, the weekend is just warming up. -Garrett Bethmann http://www.tahoeonstage.com/jam-string-cheese-incident-review/ About the Tour: Colorado jam heavyweights, The String Cheese Incident have announced their 2017 Winter Carnival Roots Revival Tour. The band returns to their Winter Carnival roots, with a focus on small resort town venues in Colorado, Utah, and Nevada. The route also allows fans (and band) to hit up some of the best resort skiing and riding Colorado, Utah, and Nevada have to offer. Winter Carnival kicks off with two nights at the famed Fox Theatre in Boulder March 3-4, before heading west for a two night run at Belly Up in Aspen, CO. A night at the Eldo in Crested Butte and two nights at Telluride’s Club Red wrap up the Colorado stretch of Winter Carnival. The band treks over to Park City March 13-14 for a two night stand at Park City Live. The tour wraps up March 17-19, with three nights at Crystal Bay Club in Crystal Bay, NV. String Cheese Incident is: Keith Moseley Michael Travis Kyle Hollingsworth Jason Hann Michael Kang Billy Nershi Please support musicians that are open to having their live shows recorded and shared by attending their performances and purchasing officially released recordings and other merchandise. http://www.livecheese.com/packages/2,723/The-String-Cheese-Incident-mp3-flac-download-Crystal-Bay-2017.html http://stringcheeseincident.com/ https://twitter.com/SCI_Official http://www.friendsofcheese.com/ https://www.facebook.com/stringcheeseincident/