Here’s another fresh netBloc release for you to soak in. As always… it was a challenge to pull together and it underwent a serious overhaul when it became clear that an artist and a label weren’t as serious about the release as I was. Finally, when all is said and done… this release is 1000% better because of the replacement tracks and new play order. Thanks to you artists who were contacted at the last minute and came through with the required info and assets! Today on Twitter, someone asked me if I was giving birth… referring to this very release. It’s exactly that though… each release is like a child and as such it’s very hard to pick favorites… but this release is currently my favorite of the netBloc releases. It features a good mix of instrumentals and vocals. A perfect blend of hip-hop, trip-hop, rock, pop. Artists from all over the world that seem to fit nicely together back to back. So enjoy… thanks again to everyone involved and to you! About the blocSonic.com netBloc series: Many things are currently happening which are allowing for netlabels increased importance in the world of recorded music. The mainstream music industry's reluctance to trust music fans to the music they purchase. Their belief that music should be licensed for each use. Their dependence on Digital Rights Management scams to police their music. The explosion of the number of netlabels. The increase in variety and quality of the music offered by netlabels. With this mountain of netlabel music available, the problem arises that one doesn't have the time to filter through it all and find the gems. blocSonic exists for this purpose. blocSonic is beginning it's existence as a simple blog at which I will post monthly compilations called netBlocs. Each of these compilations feature: 10 of the best netlabel tracks available in three formats – FLAC, 320kbs MP3 and 192kbs MP3 50+ page PDF booklet with full track information, bios and more. Complete package art in three formats – tif, eps and pdf Peace Mike Gregoire Founder, blocSonic.com @blocsonic @michaelgregoire