Note to self; Last derived on 6/13/13. ETA - Expose Them All ____________________________________________ This page: Archived; 480 audio files, over 807 hours of; Radio Free Mississippi (RFM) with Jim Giles (Several PDF files also added). http://www.rebelarmy.com/ (Note: Jim closed his site soon after the 2012-12-31 broadcast - but I am leaving his site link posted in case he brings it back online). __________________________________ [The JFP Interview] Jim Giles Wants a ‘White Nation' In 1964 Jim Giles would have fit perfectly into Mississippi society. His public appearances would have brought cheers and applause from people who would publicly and proudly call him a friend and a great leader. Unfortunately for Giles, though, the year is 2004, and in the past 40 years the rules have drastically changed. Those people who years ago would stand in line to shake his hand now hide their conviction for his cause. Though it is possible that privately, very privately, they might still pat him on the back, it is difficult to live and work in today's multi-cultural, mixed society while exclaiming loudly, "This should be a white America again!" But as a self-proclaimed representative of working and middle-class whites, a "white America" is Giles' ultimate goal. To accomplish this he has chosen to run for political office so that he might be able to use the system to change it—this time for U.S. Congress against incumbent Chip Pickering in the 3rd District. Many people have come across Giles in some not-so-friendly encounters. There were the young people, black and white, who were disgusted when he started railing against "the negroes" at the recent JFP voter rally. There are the few drivers who shoot him the middle finger on Highway 49 as he is riding with his huge mobile Confederate battle flag "Jim Giles for Congress" billboard. Councilman Kenneth Stokes and Giles shared some less-than-fuzzy words after a city council meeting downtown. Giles has even found himself in Internet wars with fellow white supremacist and Nationalist Movement leader Richard Barrett over Giles' constant accusations that Barrett is a "fraud" and "a sick pervert." And his current opponent, Pickering, has felt some of the heat of Giles' passion, including when he dressed up in a chicken suit and followed Pickering around saying he was too "chicken to debate" Giles (Pickering has, indeed, refused to debate him.) Despite the fact that some have found Giles' conviction a bit misguided, he does have the courage to continually fight for his cause, even as it has gone out of style for many Mississippians. JFP: Why have you decided to run for office? Jim Giles: The flag. The flag is what really got me involved in politics. When I was a regular person working private jobs in private industry—something Pickering has never had, he has never had a private-sector job in his life—the (then) governor of Georgia, Zell Miller, proposed … changing the Georgia state flag. I became a political activist at that time. I started publishing a newsletter called Counter Attack. And I have been at it ever since! I first ran for governor against (Mike) Parker and (Ronnie) Musgrove in '99, but I did not make it onto the ballot because of residency requirements. Then I ran for the U.S. Senate in 2000 against (Trent) Lott. I ran for Congress for the first time in 2002, and I am running this year in 2004. And my campaign for Congress will begin Nov. 3 for 2006. Why have you settled on the 3rd Congressional district this year? Well, other than the fact that I live in the district, I find that running for statewide office is way too large for my resources. Also this position requires that I simply am a representative of the constituents, and I am that! Why do you feel that you should be the voice for working and middle-class whites? Because they don't have representation. Pickering represents rich whites and blacks. He bent over backward trying to get his daddy (Charles Pickering) on the court (5th Circuit Court of Appeals). They promised everything in the world to blacks. Just like Lott, it is all about them and not about their constituency. Lott got on Black Entertainment Television and told (Ed) Gordon, the black news reporter, that he supported affirmative action across the board. Now my people are against that 100 percent, and he is pretending to represent us. That's a joke; he is a joke! They are unpatriotic liars! More to the point, they are sending poor white boys to fight in Iraq, and Lott had the opportunity to fight in the Vietnam War and did not. Just like all the others, they are big at sending other people to fight their wars. It is whites who have rifles primarily on the front lines, the combat troops. Blacks are in supply or support functions. What are the differences between you and Chip Pickering? I am an honest patriot, and he is a dishonest traitor. He represents a very small segment of our population, rich whites and blacks. I seek to represent working and middle-class whites. Democracy in America has collapsed; it is a joke! … (Pickering) has traded his principles for money! Pickering gives lip service to things that he does not really believe in. The state flag would be a good example; he did not utter a word before the state flag issue. He had the state flag on his Web site. When all this heated up about the state flag, he took it off. Then after the vote he put it back up. He is a phony just like all of them. They are ashamed of being white, all they care about is money; they are the modern-day plantation owners. Really, all they care about is staying in power, and continuing to enjoy a lifestyle that most Mississippians can only dream of. They live in the big house, so to speak. They live in the plantation, and low labor is a big component of their overall philosophy. That's why they love immigration, that's why they love shipping U.S. jobs to India, China and Mexico, that's why they send our factories to India, China and Mexico. They're rich people who exploit others—plain, pure and simple. They have no genuine patriotism. Pickering has total disregard for what's truly best for America. And America that I'm talking about is White America, a white nation, that's what I'm talking about. That's what I want. We started out a white nation; we no longer are. I want it to be a white nation again. I'm advocating separation of the races. I'm a white separatist. Blacks are supposed to be equal to whites, and I think black should be given the opportunity to prove that, on their own. There are members of the black community who share that view with me. How do you feel about the war in Iraq? It's a war for Jews. First and foremost, it has nothing to do with America's security. If we were serious as a country, a government, about making America safe from terrorism, we could end it in a heart beat, we could end it in one second. All we had to do is end all monies we are currently giving to Israel, which amounts to $10 million a day. I didn't say a year, or a week or month. I said a day. We gave them $10 million yesterday, we're giving them $10 million today, we'll give them $10 million tomorrow, and for as far as the eye can see. It's all about Jews, they run our country for the most part. The ones who don't are Zionists who suck up to them, rich whites, all they care about is Israel. Israel, Israel, Israel! There are a lot of Christian Zionists. They're the number one threat in Mississippi and America—people that follow Jerry Falwell and Pat Roberson. They believe they're supposed to be these high and mighty Christians but yet they're all for these bloody wars. … They say, 'Why do Arabs hate us so much?' They hate us so much because we are giving Israel all that money to kill their people. That's a fight that's been going on for thousands of years; just withdraw all money and all troops from the Middle East and all threats to America ends. Of course, Israel will cease to exist. Ultimately, they've got nuclear weapons now; they can put up a fierce fight. … We should not side with anybody; leave them alone and get out of there. Let them fight it out amongst themselves. We don't have a dog in that fight. What is your position on tort reform? Tort reform is to help rich people hang onto more of their money. If a corporation maims or kills or wounds somebody, I think they ought to have to pay for it. Again, this is the plantation owner just trying to protect their wealth and assets. So I am against it. I am for the poor man, not for the rich man. And tort reform is for the rich man. What is your response to what the governor is doing with Medicare/Medicaid? Barbour is definitely for the rich man; there are a lot of poor people who resent what he has done. But there are a lot of people who like him because he is Republican, and they think he is for them, conservative and stuff, but he is really alienating a lot of poor working whites. I am for giving money to working and middle-class whites. … Barbour, Musgrove all the rest they are for foreigners, they are for women, and when I say women I mean feminists, not upstanding white women; they are for non-whites. Our problem is that we have traitors within our own race. I tell people to stay away from conservative politics and start practicing white politics again. Being pro-white. But not rich white—pro working and middle-class white. Mississippi hasn't changed; my people are still out there. They don't like turning on their TV and seeing (Kenneth) Stokes ranting and raving. It is OK for Stokes to rant and rave about black this and black that, but we don't have a representative on our side. I would be that voice, but they won't give me a podium. They are scared of me. If there is no one who thinks like I think, then what are they so afraid of? Should blacks have a voice or be represented? I think blacks should have the chance to fail or succeed on their own. Blacks are supposed to be equal to whites, so they should be given the opportunity to prove that. I believe in a separation of the races. I believe integration has failed, and I believe that the world we live in is hostile to working and middle class whites. With all the preferential initiatives, everything is against us. Our country was founded by whites; our government, our existence in this country was rooted in white. Slavery was a huge mistake, and we continue to pay a price for it today. Everything is geared toward correcting the institution of slavery. I did not adopt nor do I support slavery, and I resent having to pay the price for that institution. I think blacks want power and self-rule and should be given that opportunity, separate from whites. What kind of job do you think President Bush is doing? I am voting for John Kerry! I want to destroy the Republican Party, and I think the best way to do that is to elect John Kerry. The Republican Party—Bush, Lott, Pickering, the whole lot—they are phony, fake, false white leaders! They are supposed to be pro white when they are in fact pro black or pro rich white. I think that John Kerry will be easily ousted and defeated by someone who is genuinely pro white as opposed to someone who is falsely pro white. What do you think of gun control? I am opposed to gun control. It is a no-brainer, I reflect the views of the majority of Mississippians. I generally view guns positively, being a hunter myself. And unlike Pickering, I would cause trouble for those who are for gun control and abortion and other issues along those lines. I would roar like a lion, but Pickering and none of the rest do anything without permission from those higher on the food chain. How do you think you are viewed by the public? The people who are in the Legislature think I am a redneck or a racist. The people I am trying to represent would think I am a rebel. Would you consider yourself a racist? Racism has lost its meaning because it only applies to whites. If you try to call a black person racist, then they get into this long argument about how black people truly cannot be racist. All politics and all life is about race. They try to escape it and try to hide it, but there is no escaping that reality. The facts asserted in this interview by Mr. Giles have not been verified. Dossier: Jim Giles Giles, 45, was born at the Baptist Hospital in Jackson. His father, James Stanton Giles, now deceased, was a diesel towboat mechanic. His mother, Margaret Rose Hutchins, a retired frame-shop owner, lives next door to Giles and his grandparents. Giles grew up in Clinton and is a 1977 graduate of Clinton High School. On a football scholarship, he attended Mississippi State University where he earned a B.S. and a M.B.A. Currently, beyond his political endeavors, Giles' major responsibility is taking care of his two grandparents who live with him in Rankin County. http://www.jacksonfreepress.com/news/2004/oct/13/the-jfp-interview-jim-giles-wants-a-white-nation/ ________________________________________________________ FBI -- WARNING -- Federal law allows citizens to reproduce, distribute or exhibit portions of copyright motion pictures, video tapes, or video disks under certain circumstances without authorization of the copyright holder. This infringement of copyright is called fair use and is allowed for purposes of criticism, news reporting, teaching and parody. ------ "Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for "fair use" for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use." ---- §107. Limitations on exclusive rights: Fair use Notwithstanding the provisions of sections 106 and 106A, the fair use of a copyrighted work, including such use by reproduction in copies or phono-records or by any other means specified by that section, for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching (including multiple copies for classroom use), scholarship, or research, is not an infringement of copyright. In determining whether the use made of a work in any particular case is a fair use the factors to be considered shall include — (1) the purpose and character of the use, including whether such use is of a commercial nature or is for nonprofit educational purposes; (2) the nature of the copyrighted work; (3) the amount and substantiality of the portion used in relation to the copyrighted work as a whole; and (4) the effect of the use upon the potential market for or value of the copyrighted work. ---- FAIR USE NOTICE: These pages/video may contain copyrighted (©) material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. Such material is made available to advance understanding of ecological, POLITICAL, HUMAN RIGHTS, economic, DEMOCRACY, scientific, MORAL, ETHICAL, and SOCIAL JUSTICE ISSUES, etc. It is believed that this constitutes a 'fair use' of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law. In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, this material is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior general interest in receiving similar information for research and educational ---- FAIR USE NOTICE: This video may contain copyrighted material. Such material is made available for educational purposes only. This constitutes a 'fair use' of any such copyrighted material as provided for in Title 17 U.S.C. section 106A-117 of the US Copyright Law. ---- FAIR USE NOTICE: I am making this material available in my efforts to advance understanding of environmental, political, human rights, economic, democracy, scientific, and social justice issues, etc. I believe this constitutes a "fair use" of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law. In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, the material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes.