It has been said that the road to hell is often paved with best intentions, and despite the probable best intentions, ‘The Nehruvian Era, 1947–64’ unfortunately laid the firm foundations of India’s misery. The same are detailed in this two-part book. This part deals with the major foreign policy and external security issues. Table of Contents:- Part I: Kashmir, Tibet, India-China War, Integration of Hyderabad, Foreign Policy & External Security 1. Nehru’s Kashmir Botch-Up J&K’s Geography Outline of Kashmir’s History Kashmir, Maharaja Ranjit Singh & Dogras Kashmir, Nehru’s Hubris & Patel’s Resignation J&K Timelines, British Games & Nehru’s Blunders Article-370, Thanks to Nehru Sardar’s 547 Successes & Nehru’s Kashmir Failure Sardar, VP Menon & Kashmir 2. Preventing Pakistan-II: Sardar vs. Nehru Historical Background Status at Independence Razakars and Nizam Nizam–British–Mountbatten–Nehru vs. Sardar Patel Operation Polo, Thanks to Sardar, and Despite Nehru Resistance by Nehru & the British to Any Action Sardar’s Decision for Action & Attempt to Abort it The Actual Operations Hailing Hyderabad’s Liberation Sardar Patel, Post Liberation 3. Tibet: Erasing a Nation The Historical Background Shimla Convention, 1913-14: Outer/Inner Tibet & McMahon Line 1914-1950 : Tibet De-Facto Independent Tibet’s Importance and Its Water Resources Erasure of Tibet as a Nation Chronology Could China have been prevented? Sardar Patel’s Approach Nehru’s Meek, Delusional Note of 1950 Nehru’s Other Delusional Notes Independent India:Less Concerned about itself than the British! Independent India’s Indifferent Approach India Promoting China in the UN! India’s Indifference to Tibet in the UN! The Blunder called Panchsheel Why the Untenable Approach? Strange and Baffling Rationalisation Further Examples of Nehru’s Non-Policy on Tibet 4. Himalayan Misadventure Border History Till Independence India-Tibet Border Segments Ladakh-Tibet Border & Aksai Chin The McMahon Line Mid-Segment Sikkim-Tibet Border Post-Independence Scenario What should have been done post-Independence China’s Stand India’s Stand India Unilaterally Changed Maps, July-1954 Onwards to Disaster: 1950–61 Towards Disaster: Dec-1961 Onwards Stand of Other Countries: Failure of Nehru’s Foreign Policy China’s Strategy, Attitude & Response Analysis of & Accountability for the Disaster The Guilty Men Ill-Treating Thimayya & Others, Promoting ‘Yes-Men’ India’s Faulty Approach Why Fix the Borders Unilaterally? Why the Intransigence? India’s Military “Preparation” No Planning and No Intelligence Sweep Under the Carpet Neglecting to Use Air-Force Israel’s Example Not Taking Responsibility Reactions of the Media and the Public Summarising Himalayan Blunders Nehru’s Insufferably Arrogant Protégé The Current Status 5. Foreign Policy & External Security Innocent on British Intentions J&K: A Foreign Policy Failure Letting Go of Gwadar Giving Away of Indian Territory Nehru–Liaquat Pact 1950 No to India's UNSC Membership Advocating UN/UNSC Seat for China No Initiative on Sri Lankan Tamil Problem Delayed Liberation of Goa Nehru’s NO to Nuclear Arms No Settlement With Pakistan Indus Water Treaty (IWT) - Nehru’s Second Himalayan Blunder Nehru & Israel International Record in Insecure Borders Neglecting Southeast Asia India vs. The US, UK & the West ‘Non-Alignment’: Not Aligned With National Interests Criminal Neglect of Defence & External Security Foreign to Foreign Policy 6. Bibliography Part II: Poverty-Perpetuating Socialism, ‘Secularism’ & All That Contents Detailed Table of Contents 1. Nehru’s Poverty-Perpetuating Socialism Poverty & Prosperity: The Various Aspects Do climate, geography, race, ... matter? India a first-world country by 1980? “Unless people change... can’t progress!” Argument Spurious Reasons for India’s Failure Unless “people with character”, can’t take off! What is required is “the spirit of sacrifice”! “Scientific” Socialism a Contradiction in Terms! Why things not worked out before independence? Socialism benefits only the vested interests. Why socialism remains popular? Predominance of Leftist Claptrap Democracy and Socialism: Are they compatible? What to follow? Socialism, Capitalism, Gandhiism... Capitalism evolved organically,Others are Artificial Constructs. Nehruvian Socialistic Suicide Why Persist with the Failed Model? What They Said of Nehru & Socialism Nehruvian (and NOT ‘Hindu’) Rate of Growth Nehru + Socialists vs. Sardar Patel & Others 2. Debilitating Babudom & Corruption The Curse of Babudom Corruption in the “Good” Old Days Nepotism in the “Good” Old Days 3. Harvesting Misery, thanks to Nehruvianism 4. Internal Policies Mismanagement & Neglect of the Northeast Northeast thanks to Bordoloi Migration Politics Too Many States! Gross Mismanagement Reorganisation of States Safety of Minorities, Dalits & Vulnerable Sections 5. Nehru’s “Secularism” What is Secularism? Religious Appeasement Illustrative Cases of Nehru’s Appeasement Ignorance & Arrogance Ignoring Illegal Proselytization 6. Mental & Cultural Slavery Nehru : “The Last Englishman to Rule India” Monuments to Slavishness Brown Inferiorists Motilal-Tribe vs. Rao-Tribe Lordly Ways That Strange Indian Animal: VIP and VVIP Distortions of Indian History Glimpses of Distortions of History The Language Issue 7. Inexplicable Ways Netaji Subhas Mystery Nehru & Netaji’s Stolen War Chest Belated Bharat Ratnas Ill-Treatment of Others Dalits & the Greatest Indian After Gandhi The Fair Ladies Sardar’s Daughter 8. Nehru’s Unjust Anointment as PM Hijacking of Elections Other Aspects of Nehru’s Unjust Anointment Should Patel have surrendered to Gandhi’s whims? 9. Dictatorial, Feudal & ‘Dynacratic’ Undemocratic, Dictatorial & Feudal Tendencies Restricting Freedom of Expression (FoE) Dynasty First Not Limiting the Term of the PM Not Appointing a Successor Taken Shame Out of Dynacracy Ensuring Self-Publicity & Dynastic Recall Election Funding & Vote-Bank Politics 10. Fault Lines Leadership Weaknesses Administrative Weaknesses Arrogant, Conceited & Full of Hubris ‘Intellectualism’, Academics, Speeches & Writings 11. Summarising the “Invention” Evaluating a Leader : The Right Approach Evaluating Nehru Posers : Alternate Evaluation Squandered Once-in-a-lifetime Opportunity Leadership & Administrative Weaknesses Dreamer & an Idealist? Innovative Counterfactuals “Greatness” by Definition Didn’t have it in him… Required: deNehrufication and deDynastification! Bibliography