Okay, I know I wasn't the only person who attended the Seven Seas panel. There was me, Shiei, Adam, Jason, Nunzio, Christina, Lady Yates and Jamal. Oh and their friends. And even their FANS! Seriously this where is the coverage of this panel?! MangaCast exclusive I guess. Seven Seas is this year's newcomer to SDCC. Actually, some people might not remember but Seven Seas was at SDCC 2005 last year, but I believe this was their first time hosting a panel. I have to give the gang props, they did it right. They got a bunch of people behind those skirted tables and they answered all questions well. As this was in one of the smaller rooms it was a pretty laid back ordeal, with Jason DeAngelis and Adam Arnold leading the conversation. Shiei stole the show though. She not only works on a few titles, but she speaks her mind. Adam and Nunzio better watch out, she might just go write her own title one of these days! Seven Seas Manga 4:00-5:00 â As manga's popularity has grown, it was inevitable that American publishing companies would start to create manga-influenced works. Seven Seas has quickly risen to become one of the top publishers in this field, and with Boogiepop, the company has added licensed manga and novels to its growing library. Meet Seven Seas editors and series creators and find out what the future holds. Panelists include Jason DeAngelis (No Man's Land, Captain Nemo), Adam Arnold (Aoi House), Shiei (Amazing Agent Luna, Aoi House), Dave Cheung (Chugworth Academy), Christopher Vogler (Ravenskull), and Nunzio DeFilippis and Christina Weir (Amazing Agent Luna, Destiny's Hand). Room 1A There was a big contrast to this and TP's Global Panel. In many ways this gave me an appreciation for both. At the same time, it had me wondering about something I heard repeated throughout the weekend. We need a global anthology or regular scheduled online content. What triggered this was how Jason noted that Chugworth and Earthsong (both established webcomics) had existing fan-bases. These titles were released on a schedule and had a bit more freedom than say a 3 volume plan like TP. The writers present loved the control but some also noted that they really were working in a way similar to North American comics. The artist studio in the Phillipines could usually be contacted in the wee-hours. Communication and direction had to be planned. But I have noticed that it seems to really be working now. They might be working themselves to death (Shiei I believe has been cloned. Though I cannot confirm that), these guys are picking up the quality and its reaching out in many levels. The strongest point for Seven Seas has to be their own unique brand of diversity. Their original titles are really great crossover titles. Yet at the same time they cover so many genres. That might not be so clear in their licensed titles now. But Seven Seas fans, Jason and Adam assured me that will be very clear soon. They are looking for quality titles in this competitive market. They know that there are haves (VIZ!!!) in this business, but more titles are coming. And they will continue to remain faithful to those titles. That's something they have above most of their competition; making them a hot prospect. The one new title they picked up came out of nowhere. This is almost on the DameDame level. NECONOCLASM is not your traditional title. It has a super cute look to it, almost moe, but they have big plans. They are trying to get this titles out in many platforms. I don't have details, but I will ask them tomorrow if time permits. Other news has them looking hard at the Shinigami no Ballad manga. Blade for Barter is on hiatus as the mangaka is working on the new Death Jr manga. Aoi House will be in NewType for two years and they are planning on a GN for this after volume three. Looks like Inverloch will be every six months or so. And finally Kasimasi ~Girl meets Girl~ will be rated 16+ (just because of the girl-girl/once guy kissing).