Astonishing film on Coca-Cola and the Philippines: Stock shots: dancing in costumes; dancing between sticks on the ground; cartoonish like map of the Phillipines; rice farming: workers with straw hats in rice paddies; manufacture of hemp; urban scenes with period vehicles; musicians playing stringed instruments; Many outstanding shots of people gazing adoringly at bottles of Coca-Cola Coca-Cola passed out to rice farmers; smiling Filipinos standing around drinking bottles of Coke. lounging people; sugar cane cutting with machetes; sugar mill; people at various leisure activities (tennis, pool side lounging) sipping Coke. Coca-Cola factories in nine different locations are shown. Coca-Cola bottling plant; beautiful shots of glistening bottles being passed through shining machinery; Coca-Cola delivery trucks and local horse-drawn vehicles and boats; bottlemaking plant in Manila; glass bottles being formed into the distinctive Coca-Cola shape; central plains of Luzon; San Miguel brewery in Manila; Shots of thousands of bottlecaps; giant oil refinery vats; sign-making (by screening) of Coca-Cola signs; beautiful neon sign Coca-Cola; Filipino flag waving in the breeze; Filipinos playing basketball at an outdoor court; Filipino children smiling, laughing and applauding (group shot); playing softball; sepa (sp?) game (looks like kind of an elegant hacky-sac game); playgrounds; hospital building exterior; fiesta, statue of Jesus being carried through the streets; Filipinos eating a roasted whole pig; Woman in evening gown lip syncs very badly in a language other than English; Voiceovers: Workers: "take time out to enjoy the pause that refreshes with Coca-Cola a refreshing drink of highest quality." "Made in the Philippines by the people of the Philippines for the people of the Philippines. " "Long ago, long before the war, the taste and quality of Coca-Cola won its way into the heart of everyone and continues today to be an accepted desired refreshing custom of people from everywhere throughout the land." "Pure cane sugar: one of nature's most nutritious and quick energy-building foods." "This then is the story of refreshement, of Coca-Cola a quality product, pure and wholesome. A story of a friendly product, delicious and refreshing. A story of partners in progress with all Philippine industry providing employment for thousands of people in many industries, contributing to the progress of the country, and in the future as it always does, Coca-Cola will continue to bring more pleasure, more enjoyment to more people everywhere and Coca-Cola is everywhere in the Philippines."