Plot : In 1951, American planter Greg Dickson returns to the Philippines where he must defend his plantation against attacks by the local Huk guerrillas and must find Kalak, their fanatical leader, who killed Greg's father. --IMDb Storyline : After 14 years in the United States, Greg Dickson returns to the Philippines where he was raised, with the purpose of selling his father's estate and returning to the states. Boyhood friend Bart Rogers and his wife Cindy meet Greg's plane at Manila, but he dismisses their warnings about the marauding Huks, fanatic guerrillas who are plundering nearby plantations. They repulse a Huk attack on the way to the plantation and are met by Stephen Rogers, Bart's father and the village schoolteacher. With him is Philippine Army Major Balatbat who tells Greg that Kalak, leader of the Huks and murderer of Greg's father, is also after him. --IMDb by Les Adams IMDb User Review 50's view of the world ( May 06, 2013 by arbitrarydissent ): Just read the biography of Ed Ramsey, entitled "Lt. Ramsey's War." Digging into movies reflecting that era, I found "Amigo," which I do not recommend. So I decided to suffer through "Huk!," because Ramsey had some run-ins with the communist element as did all our allies in WWII. I knew that Montgomery would be really bad in a 50's melodrama and he did not let me down as he did the worst Clark Gable imitation ever seen. But even in a 50's melodrama you get to see the transition of the protagonist. Going to stay away from spoilers best I can but if you can get through the imperialism, sexism, racism and all the other isms that were accepted in the 50's, the character development of the author is upheld here. Still only a five for me but this is one movie for all who are interested in our history with the Philippines as depicted by Hollywood . More reviews for this film: https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0049343/reviews?ref_=tt_urv **The non-profit streaming of the commercial free, quality films I have uploaded to archive.org, are for educational purposes only . I have uploaded each movie for posterity , with the hope that all present and future generations will learn from and enjoy them , as much as I have. I own zero rights to this film nor any other I have uploaded, and have no wish to infringe on existing copyright laws . DEF gp ddh**.