The International Tool Catalog Library includes manufacturer's and dealer's catalogs, advertisements, and related literature of tools of all trades. The emphasis is on hand tools, portable power tools, and tool-making. It also includes machinery from industries that may not be well-represented on other websites. We do not cover medical, dental, or veterinary instruments.&nbsp; The collection is a resource for tool users, collectors, sellers, historians, teachers, and descendants of tool manufacturer's owners and employees. The majority of items are in the public domain. Some scans by others are designated for non-commercial use only, including watermarked items. Others may be subject to US and international copyright laws, and are included for reference and advertising purposes.&nbsp; To search for a specific tool, use the box&nbsp; Search this Collection &nbsp;and select&nbsp; Text content s. To search by country, choose Topics & Subjects and select tool catalogue (English), C anadian tool catalogue,&nbsp;catalogue d'outils (French), Werkzeugkatalog (German),&nbsp; Schweizer Werkzeugkatalog &nbsp;and catalogue d'outils suisse (Swiss) and so forth. Export catalogs in another language will be listed under the home country. Selecting tool catalog will get American catalogs and all others. The oldest general tool catalog is 1823, John Walker's General List of Prices of Hardware, Saddlery, Plated and Japanned Wares, Cutlery, &c. &nbsp;The oldest are 1767 and 1769,&nbsp; A Short Description and List, with the Prices of the Instruments of Husbandry, Made in the Factory... by Mr. John Wynn Baker. The Library welcomes donations or loans of paper catalogs, scanned images, or pdf files. We greatly appreciate the donations received to date. Particular needs include: Axe, vise, and knife catalogs from all countries Italian, Portuguese, Spanish, and Swedish hand tool catalogs Thanks to all YouTube channels who have linked to this library. Contact wvamark21@gmail.com. Member of Mid-West Tool Collectors Association.&nbsp; Historian at VintageMachinery.org (May 2019). Garage Journal member # 189201.&nbsp;To see non-tool catalogs and other items that I have uploaded, see my&nbsp; most recent uploads &nbsp;and look for Community Texts . My scans are with a Plustek 4800 and Epson V800 (which replaced a Canon Pixma 870 in late 2018) and edited with PDF Studio 2020. Please also see these Internet Archive tool-related magazine collections Hardware Age ,&nbsp; The Iron Age ,&nbsp; Motor Age , American Machinist ,&nbsp; American Artisan ,&nbsp; Popular Mechanics , and the EAIA Chronicle .