http://www.creativityreligion.info http://www.kreativistenskyrka.org Ben Klassen – Adolf Hitler Tribute Speech (1989) RAHOWA! We’re gathered here today to pay tribute to and give recognition to the greatest man in history. His name was Adolf Hitler. And in my view he was the greatest White man that ever lived, and the greatest leader that the White Race has ever had, without a rival. He has influenced not only our lives but the whole world greatly in the last century. And in fact, I was reading a book recently by Leon Degrelle, who was a Belgian fighter for the White Race, in the great war and prior to that even, fought on the Russian front. And he calls this the “Hitler century”, and the subtitle: Hitler was born at Versailles. Undoubtedly, the treacherous and horrible World War I greatly shaped Hitler’s views and his own life, which then shaped the world. And certainly he has tremendously influenced me personally, as he has all of us. If it wasn’t for Hitler, there would be no Church of The Creator. In fact, we wouldn’t be here today. I read Mein Kampf in the original German back in 1938, when I was twenty-on… twenty years old. I don’t need to make it any more than necessary. And it changed my life immediately. One of the things that it did for me was it taught me to make definitive and decisive decisions promptly. I don’t know whether if I’d made them any better, but I certainly made them a lot faster than I used to. Now, I was teaching school at the time, I was back at the farm there at Saskatchewan, teaching school at a little country school where I had gone to school myself. And at that time as you know in 1938 the psychological and propaganda war was heating up, including with the natives there, the native Canadians. And an interesting side-line is as I was teaching school, in order to rev up the war hatred against the Germans, the British government shipped their king and queen over to Canada to make a tour to whip up the populace. And of course every school had to go to the nearest big city where the king and the queen were stopping. And I said to myself, I’ve already read Mein Kampf at the time, I said to myself: “Hell no. I’m not going.” And that aroused quite a bit of controversy of course, but I didn’t go. In fact, a year later after I’ve read Mein Kampf I had decided that I would go and live in the regenerated Germany, and study engineering at the university of Heidelberg there. And I applied for my passport, got my papers ready, and sold my guitar for 7 dollars and the few of my belongings that I had. I was ready to go to Germany. I was ready to leave in about a month. I looked forward to living with people that thought the way I did. And I remember the day, the date was September the 1st 1939. I was out in the field scoping 10 hours a day at my brothers farm. When I got home he told me that World War II had started. Um…. that was the end of my dream as far as going to Germany was concerned. So, I decided to go out and do the next big thing I could do and study engineering at the university of Saskatchewan and did just that. Now, this man whose 100th birthday we’re celebrating today, accomplished tremendous things. Let us briefly review some of the unbelievable and outstanding accomplishments of this great man. And when we do so we must remember that his views and his philosophy was shaped by the agony of World War I, in which he was a beautiful and faithful soldier and suffered all the agonies of war for four and a half brutal years. He was more, even, tempered with the draconian treat of Versailles that followed World War II, where the German people were robbed of everything that they had – and not only robbed, but enslaved for the next 50 years that they were going to pay off their so-called war debts. Now, Hitler was just an ordinary soldier in the ranks when he emerged blinded by gas from World War I. And he said in his great book Mein Kampf that since he was a boy, he had not cried since he left his mother’s grave. But when he heard that all he had fought for, and all his comrades who had died – for four and a half years he broke down and cried. Now let’s review briefly some of the accomplishments that this great man did. One of the greatest things that influences us and that we can learn from him, is that he built a powerful political party, the Nazi party. He joined that as a recruit when the party only had 7 members, and he really whipped it into shape, built it up, he spoke, he lectured, he organized, and he built up the Nazi party, which has become a model for us and from which we can learn what we must do. One of the things, probably the main thing that we can learn from the building of the Nazi party is that whereas in Germany as in the United States today, there was a multitude of polyglot nationalist parties. None of them accomplished anything, until they all joined into one powerful party – the Nazi party – and then took over the government. And let that be an important lesson to us. This business of belonging to and supporting thirty-three different parties and publications and so on – isn’t getting us anywhere. I don’t know how many of you have read the little skip in the paper about the mugwamp, how many of you have read that? And for those who haven’t, the mugwamp is a dirty bird who sits on the fence with his mug on one side of the fence and its wamp on the other side, and can never quite decide what side of the fence it’s on. In fact, I can’t decide much of anything, it just can’t make up its mind. Now, there are a lot of people who are in the same position here in this country. They want to do a little bit with the Klan, and a little bit with the Nazi party, and a little bit with this and a little bit of that. And as I said, I know one multimillionaire who is proud of the fact that he subscribes to something like, I don’t know, 25 or 33 different right-wing publications, and boy isn’t that something. He’s really doing his part, he isn’t doing anything else, but he’s subscribing to some 30 publications. Well, you don’t get anywhere, you don’t build anything, you don’t get any clout by having our forces and our energies fragmented in seventeen different direction. We’ve got to be instead of the one of us-technique, we’ve got to use the ?? target, hit it right in the bullseye. You can only do that when we get it all together, get our act together, into one powerful powerhouse. One party, one religion. And I believe in Creativity we have it all together, but we’ll get to that later. But let us review some of the other things that Hitler did after he built his Nazi party and they took over the government of Germany and the destiny of the German people. Now, as soon as Hitler took over, it was almost as if a miracle struck across the land. People were suddenly reinvigorated, they were really gung-ho, they were ready to go. They got organized, whereas they had been left a legacy of a shattered country, six million unemployed, their industry, their finances, their political system in shambles. Immediately things began happening. Whereas at the same time the United States the most wealthy country in the world was wallowing in unemployment and depression at that time, Germany in short order got their act together and all the six million people were employed, they were producing, they were building super highways. Whereas before they had not enough money to buy a bicycle, they were soon in a position where they could drive Volkswagen’s and have money to have their own house. They would go on Kraft durch Freude, which means Strength Through Joy, vacations. They really had it together, in short order, 2 years in fact, the unemployment problem was gone, they were producing, they were exuberant. Hitler did a lot of other things. He for one thing got the money system into the hands of the German, instead of being in the hands of the Jews and paying untold billions of interest, like we are doing today. The Germans had their own money, printed their own money, which is a key to our prosperity if we ever want to get back to that, which he have to get to. He did more. He built super-highways, he got industry going, he passed racial laws, he drove the Jews out of the universities, the colleagues and the educational system. He drove the Jews out of government, and he made Germany a country for the people who had built the country. And in fact, they were in control of their own destiny, which is what we are determined of hell or high water we’re going to do. We want to get [the] control of the White Race back into the hands of the White people. One other thing that he did, that no other German had done before, was to unite the German people. You know, the German people were really the heart of Europe, have been for 300 years. They’ve always been fragmented into various little states and little various provinces that has emerged from beefs and so on. He united the Germans to feel that they were one people. He went further than that. He united Austria, which was his homeland and was German, that had six or seven million Germans, with his what he called Austria’s motherland. United it with his fatherland, which was Germany. He also brought back into the Reich, 3 million Germans who had ruthlessly cut off from Germany and annexed to a fictitious state called Czechoslovakia, and brought the sedated Germans into the Reich. He built what was one of the most thriving, progressive, prosperous nations in Europe and in the world. Now, of course, the Jews couldn’t tolerate that. And world-wide Jewry declared War on Hitler, not only after he did all these things, but before he even got started they declared war on Germany and set out to destroy Hitler and the German people, the German Reich. By the way, we have some mementos here, makes it a little bit more personal, from Germany. An old German gentleman gave me this flag here, and he said was a “blutfane”, which is a blood flag. You know, when they had that Beerhall putsch an Munich in 1923, the army shot down and killed as they were marching towards the City Hall, killed 17 of their comrades. And they were carrying their banners, and of course as they fell blood floated on the streets, and many of those flags were soaked in blood. Well, they were retrieved and later they became sort of a sacred symbol. And they called it, when Hitler… after Hitler came to power, they brushed a number of these other flags against those that had been soaked with the blood of these martyrs, and they called them the Blutfane, the blood flags. And this is, according to this gentleman, is one of those, so we’re very proud to have that. This in fact he gave me in 1980 and he also gave me another item that I started treasure. And he said that this is the ? glasses that Hitler owned. I’m now going to look at the world through the glasses that Hitler did. *laughs from crowd* So. Now, I can’t swear to that fact that that’s genuine, but you know, like Christians who have all these ? to say it’s genuine, it probably is. Now, according to Shakespeare, Mark Anthony gave a funeral oration at the death of Julius Caesar, and if I remember my Shakespeare it says something like: “I came not to bury Caesar, not to praise him. The evil that men do lives on after them, and the good is oft interred with their bones”. Now this is not necessarily true. I know a lot of people whose evil didn’t live after them or wasn’t publicized after them. One comes to mind, for instance Franklin D. Roosevelt, Jack Kennedy and many others. But anyway, that’s what Mark Anthony said. Now, I’m not here to either bury Hitler, nor to praise him, particularly, except for what is his just views. My intention is more decisively to appraise him. What he did for us, what he did that was good, what he did that we are left with a legacy or a burden to carry on, and to be realistic about it. Now one of the biggest things that I think Hitler did for us, was to expose the Jewish cancer that lies on the world, like ?. There’s no other man in history – whereas the Jews have been attacked here and there, fragmented momentarily – there’s no other man in history that has so dramatically and so firmly exposed the Jew. And the Jew will remain the focus of the worlds anger and the worlds problems, for a long time to come. The other thing that he did that I think that we can be very grateful for, is that he showed us how to break the power of these Jews, because he did it, in Germany. And a big thing we can learn is that we got to get our act together, and get it in focus, and build one powerful battering ram with which to do the job, instead of this counter scout skelter ? like we’ve been doing for the last 40 or 50 years. You know, in Germany there was 2000 nationalist parties after World War 1, and I repeat: nothing happened, until they were all taken into one united powerful party. In America as you know, if you look at the roster of all these right-wing, racist etcetera parties, groups etcetera, there have been more than, I’m told, more than 20 000 that have come and gone, and we haven’t made a dent on the Jewish powerhouse. We should learn something from that. The other thing that I think that’s important that he has left us as a legacy, is the Leadership Principle, instead of this much touted democracy of which we hear everyday. You know, we’ve gotta get a democracy in Nicaragua, we’ve gotta get a democracy here, and we’re gotta get a democracy there. Now we have a democracy supposedly in the United States, but do we? We have a Jewish dictatorship. What democracy means is that sure, you can go to the polls and vote but nobody cares anymore. Pardon? Man in audience: There’s nobody there to vote for. That’s right. You don’t have any candidates and people don’t know what the score is. So what do you have? You a Jewish dictatorship hidden behind a facade so-called of free people. We’re not a free people. You go and speak about the White Race, and boy you’re immediately set upon as being a racist, or bigot, or attacked by a bunch of niggers, or what have you. So he has taught us about the Leadership Principle. I think that’s a very important fact that we should learn. And when you look at history, when you look at any big corporation, whether it’s IBM or General Motor and so on, you have the leadership principle. General Motor doesn’t call all their employees together every day and say: now folks, should we do some work today, or should we go out and have a picnic? *laughs from crowd* You have a chain of command, you have an organization, and you have goals, and you follow that. Now, that’s one thing that confuses the hell out of most White people, even today. And if we’re going to get anywhere we’re gotta built along those same lines. Now, we have briefly covered many of the great things that Hitler has done and I believe that he is the greatest White man who ever lived as far as I’m concerned. Now we want to see what some of the deficiencies where and what some of the legacy that he has left us, that we have to cope with. Hitler, for one thing, lost the war. That’s something that we cannot forgive him for, the German people don’t forgive him for that. It could have been won, I don’t fault ? leadership. I think they fought impressively, I think they fought valiantly. They were the greatest fighters, the greatest fighting machine, the greatest army that were ever put together, but they lost the war. And we now are left with the consequences. We want to make it clear that what Hitler did was the right thing for Germany at that time. This is 50 years later, this is not the 1930s anymore, this is 1980s, and we’re shifting into the 1990′s and the 21st century. And were Hitler alive today, he would approach the problem undoubtedly much different than he did in Germany. At that time, I think he did a tremendous job. Okay. But today, in the United States and the world at large, which is now being overrun by, not only are the Jews firmly in the saddle, but ]it’s] overrun by mud races. We have an altogether different problem. And we want to make it clear just where we stand, in relation to the Nazi party or any other group. And we want to make it clear that we are not neo-nazis. We are not a replay of the Nazi party. We are not a number of other things, that I want to clear up. We are not White supremacists. What is a White supremacist? A White supremacist is a person or group that wants to be supreme over inferior people’s. And we’ve had the White Race do that in various locations. We’ve had the White plantation owners in the South, for example, that exploited the niggers, worked them and so on. We’ve had the British in India, coming into to and govern the country, exploit it, take over, but they didn’t develop or they didn’t settle it as such, like the White Race did in the United States. They were White supremacists. Now, this is one thing if you go on a… you’re interviewed by a newspaper reporter, or a talk-show host, this is the first thing they’ll throw at you – you are of course a White Supremacist. And I tell them no, I’m not a White supremacist, the Church of the Creator is not a White supremacist organization. We don’t want to rule any inferior race, we don’t want to exploit the niggers or anybody else. We just want to have control of our own destiny, we want to expand and take over control of our own destiny, to which we’re entitled. We want to expand our territories, just like our forefathers did over the last 400 years. What’s the matter with that? That’s the way America was built, and if you’re against that, evidently your un-American. You know, throw this out. We’re doing a very normal, natural, non-violent thing. We’re not White supremacists. Of course now, the thing that, depending on who it will throw at you, the Christians will throw at you: you are of course an atheist. So… that’s the end of that. You’re an atheist. Even our good friends here in Atlanta, ? and so on, they will brush us off, you know, your atheist. Well, we’re not atheists. What is an atheist? I mean, this are points that we should all keep in mind when we’re talking to people, who are accusing us of things that we are not. We’ve put out a little booklet on that very subject – “We are not atheists, we are Creators!”. An atheist is somebody who doesn’t believes in the other guys spooks. That’s about it. What does he believe in? Who knows, he doesn’t say. That’s not us. We have a very comprehensive set of beliefs. We’ve got it all spelled out in our various books: Nature’s Eternal Religion, The White Man’s Bible, Expanding Creativity, Salubrious Living etcetera. And so, a very comprehensive and complete set of beliefs, which does not qualify as what’s called atheism. We are not Klansmen. The Klansmen want to deplorable want to revert back to winning the Civil War and going back, I guess, I don’t know what they want to do, go back to the plantation system governing with watermelon-eating little niggers out there, picking cotton or something. I don’t know ?, I don’t think they know themselves. But anyway, we’re not Klansmen, we’re not confederates. We are Creators. The other thing that we are not, is that we are not nationalists. Now, this is a very important point. Nationalism has been the cause of killing more White people than any other cause, except perhaps religion. I don’t know, it’s a toss between the two. We fought during the 16th, 17th century and so on. We fought a number of religious wars. But from time and memorial, the White Race has fought nationalistic wars. The English against the French, the war that rose was a hundred years war, World War I, World War II, the Boer War, you name it, the Civil War. Who’s more capable, in fact only is capable of and more efficient killing White people, than the White people themselves, gouted by the Jews? It’s the been the White people that have been killing other White people. We denounce and deplore nationalism. I can cite myself as an example of, you know, this nonsense of being a nationalist. I’m going to take off my coat, I thought we were going to have air-conditioning here, ?. Now, take myself as an example, what nationality should I be loyal to? Now I was born in Russia, in the Ukraine, Mennonite parents. So maybe I should be loyal to Russia, as a nationalist, as a nation? Then we moved to Mexico and lived there for a year or two. Maybe I should dedicate my loyalty to Mexico? Then we moved to Canada and my dad became a citizen there and I became a citizen along with him. So… maybe I should be a loyal Canadian? Then, well, I moved to United States about, let’s see, in 45′, so I’ve lived here the longest, maybe my loyalty should be the loyalty to the United States? But I say this, would you want to be loyal to a country, to a government whose very aim is to destroy the White Race? Who is governed and exploited by Jews, whose aim is to mongrelize the White Race of this country, and have more wall-to-wall niggers in this country? I can’t feel any great urge of loyalty to such a country. Loyalty to the land as such, but I’m not loyal to the United States government – I think it stinks! What… where does our loyalty lie? We Creators say our loyalty with our biological origins – the White Race! I have more in common with a White Man that lives 12.000 miles away in Australia, than I do with an American nigger that lives across the tracks. That’s for sure. *laughs from the crowd* Now that we’ve just reviewed what we’re not. We’re not White supremacists, we’re not atheists, we’re not Klansmen, we’re not nationalists. But, since when we are celebrating Hitler’s birthday today, we want to put the emphasis on the differences between us and the Nazi party. I think it’s important that we do. I think he’s the greatest White Man that ever lived, we give him full credit for everything he’s done, he’s done great things for us. But I repeat, that the Nazi party and the ideology of the Nazi party is NOT what’s going to save us today. We have many liabilities that we carry with it and that we need not, and it is not the total program for the salvation of the White Race today. Now, in issue number 4 of Racial Loyalty, which was back in September of 1993, I listed eight differences of ideology and philosophy with the Nazi party. And I think we should remember these and we should emphasize these, and we should emphasize that we are not a neo-nazi party. We are not White supremacists. We are not atheists. That we are unique! We are the first great White Racial Religion, a comprehensive, totally structured White Racial Religion that the White Race has ever had of its 6000 years of its history. Now I’m going to list those differences that we have with the Nazi party. The first fundamental difference is one of identity. When we ask the question: what are we fighting for? Who are we trying to save? And basically, when we say “we”, what do we mean by “we”? The Nazi party and Adolf Hitler, the aim of Adolf Hitler and the Nazi party, and their main concern was Germany, the German people. And we remember the speeches and so on, it was “Deutschland über alles!”, “Das Deutsche Reich!”, “Das Deutsche Volk!”. Germany. Which was fine, and if they’d won the war, Germany probably would have been the supreme leader of the White Race, and it would be one hell of a lot better than being under the heel of the Jews. Now, he did not win, and it is not our goal, our main concern, to promote the interests of the German people as such. Now my ancestors were German and Dutch, I don’t know which exact or a mixture of both. They were Mennonites, they lived in Germany for several centuries and then moved to Russia and so. And I love the German people, but that’s not our main concern – I also love the British people, the French people, the Irish and the Scots, Scandinavians, the Poles, and what have you. As long as they are White. As I say, I’ve been citizen of three countries and a resident of four, and the idea of national boundaries and national loyalty is not the answer to anything. So, whereas the Nazi party, the main concern of the Nazi party and Adolf Hitler, was “Deutschland über alles” it is not our goal. What are we for? We are for the White Race – throughout the world. We are out to organize, unite, mobilize, and arouse the White Race to get control of its own destiny. That’s one major difference. I repeat: who has killed more White people than the White people, fighting against each other in the name of nationality, or in the name of religion, or in the name of language, or whatever? You know, Canada for instance, you have the French and the English speaking, and language is the big thing that they’re…. the Jews got them fighting over. Same thing in Belgium. You have the French and you have the Belgians and so on and so on, and there’s a big hassle there and so on and so on. We want to eliminate all those artificial – those are artificial – differences. For instance, whether you speak French or whether you speak English or you speak Italian or so on, depends entirely as to what you’re taught – that’s an artificial difference. But what is in your genes… that’s something that nature has implanted, and that is not artificial, that’s real. So, the first major difference. We go back to our base, and that is the White Race. Our biological base. The second difference is that whereas the Nazi party was purely a political movement, and Hitler said so himself. It was a political movement, it was for Germany only. Although there were Nazi parties and United States, even in other countries, Hitler specifically said that this was not for export, it was a German phenomena, and its main purpose was to save Germany, of which it did a tremendous job. Now, we are a religious organization – something that we should have been a long, long time ago! We should have learned from the Jews. The Jews have the world in their grip, because of the power of their religion. They united the ? and polarized around their religion. We haven’t we learned all that? We didn’t we do the same thing? It’s a racial religion – and they have conquered the world with it, miserable little bunch of parasites that they are. Now with the White Race, which outnumbers them 30-1, if we would have employed those kinds of tactics, we would have had a beautiful White world a long, long time ago. Now we have the vehicle. And that is the second difference. The third difference, and this is also very important, is that Hitler never confronted the issue of Jewish Christianity. He tolerated it, condoned it, in fact sometimes even praised it. And I don’t think he believed in it himself, I think he would have finally if he’d won the war in his future years perhaps, would have erased Christianity and would have replaced it with a Nazi philosophy. But that’s speculation. The point is he said that Christianity had many virtues and so on, and he tolerated it. Well, if you tolerate something – that means you condone it. Now we say that Christianity is a fraudulent swindle, that the Jews have employed for the last 2000 years, and this has been their most powerful weapon. If it wasn’t for Christianity, we wouldn’t be in the miserable situation we’re in. We would had never let the Jews done what they have done, the Jews would have been nothing. The Jews would have never gotten this world-wide power without Christianity. It’s because they inculcated and gave us a religion, and inculcated in it the idea that “LOVE YOUR ENEMY!”, “SELL ALL YOU HAST AND GIVE IT TO THE NIGGERS!”, “TURN THE OTHER CHEEK!” Man in audience: Suicide. … you “judge NOT!”. Now… if you stop a minute, and use your logic a little bit, you can’t come to another conclusion than that’s the kind of bad advice you’d give your worst enemy if you wanted that enemy to destroy itself without you having to lift a finger. And that is exactly what has happened. We have let them do all of these things to us, because of Christianity. So, we say this, that until and unless we replace Christianity with a powerful racial religion such as Creativity, we are never going to get the Jew off our back. Secondly we say that, until and unless we get the Jew off our back, we’re never going to solve any of the pervasive problems that haunt us today. We are never going to solve the racial problem, we are never going to solve the money, we are never going to solve the unemployment problem, we are never going to solve the immigration problem, we are never going to solve any problem! First thing we gotta do is to get the Jews off our back. So that’s another major difference. We confront and attack and expose Christianity full blast, and we will continue to do so, until the day that we have replaced it with Creativity. The other thing that the Nazi party has left us with a legacy is that the Jewish problem is a political problem only, and once we get political power and take over our government, why we’d be able to throw the Jew out – and this is not true. The Jewish problem is a pervasive problem that spreads into all fields, and we confront and we move into and we have policies in all these fields, and this include religion, education, politics, economics, banking, the environment, health – we have salubrious living – we cover the whole waterfront. When people say: “well, no, you know, Creativity is only a religious movement, and who needs another religion?” Well that is not the true picture at all. We cover the whole waterfront, the whole ball of wax. We go into every detail of what we must do, what we need to do, to get the White Race back into a healthy position, to take control of its own destiny, and build its own future. So, the answer is not just political, it is more religious than anything else, and until we embody this in our religious movement – which we have – we are not going to be in a position to do anything to destroy the Jewish pestilence. In fact, a Jew by the name of Marcus Eli Ravage spelled it out pretty succinctly, as to how Saul of Tarsus, the Jew who lived in the first century who really promoted Christianity, and through that vehicle he says loud and clear, he brags about it like Jews only can, how they conquered us as no nation has ever been conquered, or no country has ever been conquered. Not only were we conquered politically, but we were conquered in our very thoughts, in our school, in our religion, and in our society. Now the other thing that we differ with the Nazi party is that, whereas the Nazi party took a hostile attitude to the other White racial neighbors, such as say Czechs, the Poles, the French and so on. And remember, this was a result of the fact that they had fought against these people and lost the war, I mean as far as Hitler is concerned. Anyway, we take no such attitudes. Whereas I’m proud of my German ancestry and so on, I love all the White people in the world, providing their good people, which most of them are! In fact, I say that anywhere where the Jews don’t have their hands in the pie and where the White people run their own affairs, they do a pretty nice job, and do pretty well. Such as the Mennonites in Russia, who are sort of an isolated little colony, and they did pretty well. There were no Jews in there, and they did excellent – until the Jewish Communists took over and destroyed it all. Now I’m not saying that the Mennonites are not the answer. They had some serious defects of their own. One of them were the fact that they were pacifists, which we deplore. But anyway. We don’t discriminate between the different nationalities, we want to join them all together into one world of White people and inhabit this planet earth. And eventually have them all speaking Latin if possible, so that we can converse with each other freely, just like the Jews do with their Yiddish, except we’d have a much better language. In fact, with Latin undoubtedly as everybody knows is the finest language that has ever been created by the White Civilization, and has great historic value, it has tradition, and for one thing why we choose Latin is that it would be non-controversial. If we went to some language that was used by some country today, like French, the other countries would immediately be hostile to it because it’s some other language others than theirs. You know how people are. Now, another thing we cannot very forgive Hitler for, is that he joined an alliance with a mud people, the Japanese, and fought the White people. A lot of Japanese killed a lot of White people. We must NEVER AGAIN do that. In fact, we must NEVER AGAIN go to war against our own White Racial Comrades. When we do go to war, let’s make it common, let’s kill Jews and our real enemies. Never again must we be suckered into fighting our White Racial Comrades. The other difference that we have is the Mythos. Alfred Rosenberg coined the word in “The Myth of The 21th Century”. Mythos means mythological atmosphere or environment that your philosophy dwells in. Now, the Nazi philosophy, as it is embodied in that painting there, was militaristic, German army, Reichwear, huge rallies, the goose-stepping, Reichwear. And there’s nothing wrong with that, I mean, they had much to be proud of, we’re not denouncing that. But it is not our mythos. We are a native grown movement, an American movement, that is as American as motherhood and apple pie. And our mythos is embodied this man right here. The Winning of the West, the Western tradition, building a great new empire, fighting the Indians, the Western Convoys. That’s why we promote the Western Attire and the Winning of the West and so on. That’s what we’re proud of, the pioneers, and the Winning of the West. We are very proud of the war we fought against Mexico. The only war that I can remember that we fought that was in our interest. And we pay great tribute to this man here, president James Knox Polk. It was painted by our gifted artist, the Hasta Primus. By the way, he’s going to do a little more on that. He’s going to paint a background of the Winning of the West, the territory that we won in the Mexican War. Isn’t that right? Man in audience: RAHOWA! So we are not, as I say, our mythos is different. We are proud of the pioneering Americans, Winning of the West, and it represents us more clearly than say the Nazi ideology or their mythos. Now, one last thing I want to point out is that we do not promote personality worship as such or personality cult. We go by principles. We have a set of principles – we don’t want to be like the Catholic Church, we don’t even want to be like the Nazis, that if Hitler said it was so, the Pope said it was so. We want to use certain guidelines that are laid down in our religion, our philosophy. And the bottom line is: Is this in the benefit of the White Race? Use that ?, we ? that we want to add to our mythos. A few years ago I happened to visit the Hall of Fame of the Texas Rangers and its museum in Waco, Texas. And I happened to pick up a belt-buckle, this one right here, which I think illustrates something that is a important part, that is an important segment of our Creativity mythos, and that is the colorful and heroic Texas Ranger. A few years ago I happened to visit the Texas Rangers Hall of Fame in Waxo, Texas and its museum, and there I purchased a belt-buckle, which was dedicated to the Texas Rangers with two medals on. One was the lone star of Texas, and the other showed the Ranger on the horse. The model of the Texas Rangers in the middle of the 19th century was: The Only Good Indian Was A DEAD Indian! And they pursued that policy with VIGOR! The Texas Rangers not only scourged the countryside and the valleys of Texas for Indians but also for Mexicans, to cleanse the area of the settlement of the White people that came in to Texas at that time. We of the Church of The Creator adopt the same view on a nation-wide basis today. We want to cleanse the country of the mud races, and make it a beautiful home of the White Race. In conclusion, now that we have payed tribute to Adolf Hitler, and now that we have honored him, and always will revere him as the greatest leader as the White Race has ever had. Let us now sum up our own situation here in the latter part of the 20th century. Frankly… our situation is grim and it is ?. However it is not hopeless. The fact is that we are now faced with a problem that is completely different from the times of Hitler and Germany 50 years ago. The world is now overrun with mud races. They outnumber us now 12-1. The White population on the other hand is rapidly diminishing and decreasing, whereas the mud races are exploding. We now have a problem to solve ahead that Hitler cannot solve for us. He has however left us a legacy that we can learn from and that we must act upon. One of the things that he dropped to the floor, is the tremendous power and value of RACE. But the ? issue still remains as it was 50 years ago as it was 100 years ago, and that is the how we can get the sinister and deadly Jew off our back. How can we save the White Race from disintegration and from destruction? There are many things we can learn from Hitler. One is that we must build up a powerful battering ram. We must build a movement, with which we can smash the Jewish monster once and for all. In Creativity, we have the creed and program, the religion to do the job. We now have a movement that encompasses a united White Race under one language, under one banner, under one religion. And we must pursue that and build and build until we have the movement powerful enough that it encompasses the world and encompasses all the White Race, in every country of the world. We now have the total program, the final solution, the ultimate creed. So our duty is clear. We need to build a movement that will replace and smash Jewish Christianity. If and until we replace Christianity with a powerful White Racial Religion of our own, we will never get the Jew off our back. And until and unless we get the Jew off our back, we will never solve any of the myriad of problems of the world that we are faced with today. So let us go forward with determination and confidence. To me, the future today looks much brighter than it did even a year ago. And it’s much more encouraging to see the growth of our movement. We now have a substantial increase in our forces, and we are getting new members every day. We now have an editor that can and does an excellent job in putting our paper together. Hasta Primus Will Williams is on top of the job and is pushing forward with a VENGEANCE. I believe we now have a so far untapped resources of young White people and ardent warriors in the skinhead movement. Now many of the skinheads are undisciplined and cannot be absorbed into our movement, many of them can. Many of them are dedicated and are filled with determination to do something. They know something is wrong, they don’t know exactly what. But with our leadership, with our program, and our creed, we can unite the forces to where they can be a useful and powerful element in our movement. We need those young people. I believe we now have found the Great Promoter that I have been looking for, and that is in fact Rudy Stanko, has joined with us. I think he has the dynamo and the dynamics to become a great leader to push and lead us forward. I hope to visit him in the next week or so. It is now our sacred duty and our challenge to put all our resources into focus. And to get our act together, to do the job. This we can do, this we will do. What can you do? You are the key to this whole movement. One of the best things a dedicated Creator can do, is to become an ordained minister of the church. Form your own church group in your area and recruit and organize. Help get those first 10 millions of The White Man’s Bible’s into the hands of our White Racial Comrades. When we’ve done that much, the battle is as good as won. The answer is to propagandize, proselytize and organize. Informed, aroused and organized the White Race is the most powerful force of the face of the earth. It will overcome and conquer all the mud races, the Jews and the enemies that are now against us with great ease and facility. All these things are now within our reach. Let us now strive and strain to the utmost, to bring about that beautiful day when the White Race will again be in control of its own destiny. When it will inhabit and develop every benevolent square mile on the face of this planet earth. Let us join together to build a Whiter and Brighter World. RAHOWA!