LibriVox recording of His Last Bow: Some Reminiscences of Sherlock Holmes (Dramatic Reading) by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. Read in English by Cori Samuel; Beth Thomas; Piotr Nater; James Callaghan; azureblue; ablestonebridge; Norman Elfer; Brian Mansi; Teresa Bauman; Frances Brown; Shakira Searle; Natalie Paula; K. Cotter; MaryAnn; Arnaldo Machado; Levi Throckmorton; Etel Buss; ToddHW; Eden Rea-Hedrick; Adele de Pignerolles; Jeanie; Rapunzelina; David Olson; Adam; TriciaG; Julia Niedermaier; P. J. Morgan The last collection of Sherlock Holmes short stories contains some of the most dramatic moments of the entire Sherlock Holmes canon. "The Dying Detective" sees the great Holmes brought low by a fatal illness and refusing even Dr Watson's medical care. "The Bruce-Partington Plans" is a case of national importance, not least for the introduction of Mycroft Holmes. It also contains the quintessential Holmes line "whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth." "The Devil's Foot" is what happens when the great sleuth and his doctor attempt to go on a restful holiday. "His Last Bow" is the last ever Sherlock Holmes story, about his war service and undercover spy experiences. These and other classic Holmes and Watson stories are here brought to life by a dramatic cast of voices, so sit back and let the mysteries unfold! (Summary by Beth Thomas) Dr. John Watson (Narrator), read by Cori Samuel Sherlock Holmes, read by Beth Thomas Inspector Lestrade, read by Natalie Paula Additional Narration: Shakira Searle Other featured voices: azureblue , James Callaghan , ablestonebridge , Norman Elfer , Brian Mansi , Teresa Bauman , Frances Brown , K. Cotter , MaryAnn , Arnaldo Machado , Levi Throckmorton , Etel Buss , Eden Rea-Hedrick , ToddHW , Rapunzelina , Jeanie , David Olson , Adam , TriciaG , Julia Niedermaier , P. J. Morgan Audio edited by: Adele de Pignerolles Additional editing by: Piotr Nater For further information, including links to online text, reader information, RSS feeds, CD cover, M4B Audiobook, or other formats (if available), please go to the LibriVox catalog page for this recording. For more free audio books or to become a volunteer reader, visit LibriVox.org .