25X1C10b Approved For Release 1999/09/02 : CIA-RDP79-01194A000100460001-5 Approved For Release 1999/09/02 : CIA-RDP79-01194A000100460001-5 99/09/02 : CIA-RDP79-01194A000100460001-5 CPYRGHT UNTIL the late sixties, the big oil -companies were more worried by the prospect of too much oil, which -could bring prices and profits .tumbling down further, than by the 'prospect of a shortage. In May' 1967 Michael Haider, then chair. 'man of the biggest company, Exxon (or Esso), answered a share- holder's question at the annual meeting.in Houston with the words: `I wish I could say I will be around ,when there is a shortage of crude Foil outside the United States.' A year later, some oil companies were still concerned at the thought of a glut, and one of the `Seven Sisters,' the. Standard Oil Com- pan'y of California (Socal or Chevron), was specially apprehen- sive 'of the Alaska discoveries, in which they had no share, which would bring a flood of oil down to the West Coast,;, A Socal company memo in December 1968 warned :thap`:within five to 10 years there ,nay be large new crude supplies from the Arctic regions of the :.world seeking markets and thereby extending and magnifying the sur- plus supply problems.' In 1969 George Piercy, the Exxon ;director concerned with the Middle East, had been fairly confident of future supplies meeting demands. .,On the one side he had expected shat the boom in Japan-the big- gest single importer of oil-would begin to slow down. On the other hand, there were some huge new expected sources of oil, including Alaska, Libya and, in the longer term, the North Sea, whose esti- mated reserves were constantly increasing. But _ already by the late sixties there was an ominous turn-down in Exxon's master-graph, w h i c h -showed spare capacity compared "to world demand for oil, and by 1970 the trend had become much more serious. The Alaskan pro- duction had been delayed by the protests of the environmentalists. The Libyan production, after the revolution and the militant regime of Qadhafi, had become much less ieliable. In 1972. there came a =spore :serious shock: Kuwait de- cided that, to conserve their resources, they wou c not a ow production to 'go above three million barrels a day. For BP and Gulf, the two part- ners in Kuwait, this was menacing news. And Shell, too, was becom- ing alarmed by impending short- ages.:. In' October 1971, Sir David Barran, then chairman of Shell Transport and Trading, warned 'that the days of cheap oil were over, and that by the end of the century the oil consumers could be `looking down the muzzle of a gun.' But Exxon, like the other Ameri- .can partners in Aramco, were not seriously worried, for they were one. of , the, four partners in Aramco, the company which held the vast concession in Saudi Arabia ; and -they were confident that Aramco could supply all the extra required. Some of Exxon's rivals, including BP-who had huge investments in Alaska-suspected that Exxon was not. at all sorry that the Alaskan oil had been delayed, and it was even suggested that they might secretly have en- couraged the . environmentalists' protests: for Exxon had a 30 per cent share in. Aramco, and Saudi Arabian oil was much cheaper and easier to produce. Aramco, morever, had made plans to jack up production by as much as 25 per cent each year, with huge extra capital and equipment ; and the plans had soon borne oil. By early 1973, the Saudis were producing 61 million barrels a day, and the prospects were even more dazzling: 10 million by 1974, 20 million by 1983. Iran, too, was preparing for the additional pro- duction which the Shah had always demanded. As other parts of the world became more uncertain, these two nations became more crucial; but most of all, Saudi Arabia. Yet the very fact that Saudi Arabia was becoming far the big- gest supplier of oil made King Faisal more vulnerable in-the face of his Arab colleagues, and the danger of an embargo more likely. A few American experts, but very few, worried that- the Saudis would not indefinitely stand apart from the other countries of OPE : one of them was Jim Akins, ` blr Oil' in the State Department, who wrote an article called ` The Wolf is Here' in May 1973 in Foreign Affairs, warning that the Saudis would stand by the other Arabs. But Akins was discounted by his superiors as a committed Arabist. King Faisal was showing signs of becoming much more worried by the continued American support for Israel, and he was taking some trouble to influence Washington, both through the oil_ companies and through Akins, who provided the chief link between the Arabs and Washington. But Akins had to go to odd lengths to convey the' Saudis' views. In January 1973, John Ehrlichman, President Nixon's aide at the time, was. pre- paring a visit to Saudi Arabia : Akins asked Aramco to arrange for Sheikh Yamani to `take Ehr- lichman under his wing' and see to it that Ehrlichman was given the message 'We Saudis love you people but your American policy 'is hurting us.' Akins was accused of being anti- Israeli, and of positively encourag- ing the Arabs towards boycott particularly by Professor Adelman, the oil ' economist from MIT, the scourge of the `Oil Cartel,' and Akins's bitterest critic. For Adel. man, writing in the autumn of 1972, the talk of shortage merely re- flected the interests of the big oil companies, in. cahoots with the Arabs : ` The oil companies are now the agents of a foreign Power,' he wrote. There was ` absolutely no basis to fear an acute oil scarcity over the next 15 years.' Adelman, like many other oil experts at the time, was confident that an Arab embargo could not be sustained, as the attempt in 1967 had indicated, and his view was supported by a special task force on oil imports, headed by George Schultz (later Secretary of the Treasury) which had reported in 1970. The report was sceptical about an Arab shutdown and was complacent that imports could safely be increased. But a few other experts were convinced that American oil Approved For Release 1999/09/02 : CIA-RDP79-01194A000100460001-5 CF (RGT ster. r~ ` ?ro 4' ase sultant in New York wl advises both companies and Governments, warned the annual meeting of the American Petroleum Institute, in' November 1972, that the US, as a major world Power, could not afford to be dependent for oil on ` a handful of foreign countries.' He proposed changes in the taxa- tion system, including a possible .extra tax on gasoline, and urged the Western Governments to co-ordi-. nate their policies. But the American predicament was very deep-rooted. As Howard Page, Exxon's former Middle East negotiator, put it : ` Our economic policy was ensuring that we be- came. increasingly dependent on Middle East oil, while our foreign policy was ensuring that the oil would be cut off.' Those two oppo- site American policies in the Middle East had been divergent ever since the setting up of the State of Israel. They had been kept' so remarkably separate for 25. years : but they were now face to face with each other. On 3 May 1973, Frank Jungers, -President of Aramco in Saudi Arabia, paid a courtesy call on King 'Faisal, for half an hour. The' King was cordial (Jungers reported back to New York) but his. tone -was quite different from that of earlier meetings. The King touched only briefly on his usual hobbyhorse of the Zionist-Commu- nist conspiracy. Only in Saudi Arabia, the King stressed, were American interests relatively safe; but even in his kingdom it `would be more and more difficult to hold off the tide of opinion.' The King was amazed that Washington failed to perceive its own interests. 'it was almost in- conceivable in any democratic State' (he told Jungers) `for a Government to be so far away from ,the interests of its people.' But it was easily put right, he went on: `A simple disavowal of Israeli policies and actions by the -US Government would go a long way. Jungers then went on. to see Kamal Adham, the King's chamberlain and close adviser, who gave a more ominous message. The Saudis, he said, in spite of their .problems with the Egyptians, could. not stand alone when hostilities broke out: they had expected that after President Sadat had expelled the Russians from Egypt, the Americans would have persuaded the Israelis to negotiate with the Arabs. Adliam was sure that Sadat, a courageous and far-sighted man, would have to `embark on some sort of hostilities' in order to marshal American opinion to press for a Middle East settlement. -. It was a very specific and accur- ate warning, and Jungers quickly 4 N P a 194AU-COI i 0000 fornia. Three weeks later the attentive, and Debono w directly: the four Middle East King's mood : but he wa -Hedlund of E7:xon, Moses of Finally, they went to ti Mobil, Decrane of .lexaco, and lMCQuinn of Socal-were at' the Geneva International hotel for a meeting with Sheikh Yantani; the - Saudi Arabian oil Minister; to .. negotiate about participation. - Yamani' 'suggested that they might pay a courtesy call on the King, who had just been to Paris and Cairo, where Sadat had given oft was s struck in the n't sure it. gon to see Bill Clements,. who was then acting Secretary of Defence, while James Schiesin his own drilling company, er was lements .lf, with and was widely regarded in Washington as. -a key figure in the oil lobby. But he made clear to his visitors that he had his own information and views about the Arabs : they would him `a bad time' (as Yamani put it), pressing him to step up his political support. The King, after a few pleasantries,. was much more curt and abrupt than usual; he warned the lour directors that time was running out. He would not allow his kingdom to become isolated, because of America's failure to support him, and he used the phrase `you will lose everything'-which to the visitors could only mean that their oil concession was at risk. The King asked them to make sure. that the American public were told where their true interests lay; instead of being 'misled by controlled news- media.': The Aramco men lost no time : a week later they were all four of them in Washington, to lobby top Government officials: to each they repeated the King's message, that unless action was taken urgently, everything would be lost. On 30 `Four huge oil companies, with billions of assets. ... had no influence whatever' May, they called first on the State Department, to see a team led by Joseph Sisco, in charge of Middle Eastern affairs; but Sisco had heard such warnings before, and, he assured. them that his inforttta-. tion was otherwise. The CIA had reported through its own con- tacts, including close relatives of the King, that Faisal was only bluffing : he had resisted pressure from Nasser in the past, and could resist pressure from Sadat now. Then the four .went to the White House, hoping to see Kissinger; but they were fobbed off with General Scowcroft and other advisers, in- At the, end of their day i ington, the Aramco men sadly back to Jungers i Arabia that there was ` a 1 gree of disbelief' that an3 -action was imminent. 'S lieve that His Majesty is wolf where no wolf exists in his imagination.' But the four compani wanted to show the King t were trying to influence A opinion ; each wanted to its future share of the con and they soon vied wi another to show their hell The most assiduous was who had the smallest sl .Aramco and the . most urge for oil. n Wash- cabled a Saudi arge de- r drastic ome be- calling except es still fat they merican. protect cession, th one fulness. Mobil, are in at need Mobil, always the most publicity- . minded, prepared an advertisement for the New York Tutee on 21 June. It was very ca ttiously worded : it explained how merica was becoming increasingly depen- dent on imports from Saudi Arabia, how relations were deteriorating, coiicluding that it was ` ti ne now for the world to insist on a settle- ment in the Middle East.' But the New York Times though it too inflammatory to go opposite the editorial page, the usual position for. Mobil's advertisements. In Saudi Arabia, neverthel ss, the advertisement had the t equired effect: Yamani wrote a etter to Mobil recognising this `positive step.' Exxon were rather more in their support of the They decided against adv and Howard Page gave a s cal relationships between and the Arab countries. -. Over in California, Socal worried that they were behind. Consequently, very conservative chairm . holders on 26 July,. urging Approved For Release 1999/09/02 : CIA-RDP79-01194A000100460001-5 Saudis. rtising, mieson, iington, eech in Ameri- out the politi- lipping Socal's share- hat the CPYRGHT US 1AA~,e $hou D~iiv AO the Aramftl I I i tS~se 1 i grt~*!s',~"1-vl~l ritdtt-Y3i V194 acknowledge the legiiuate in. terests of all the peoples of the Middle East.. . The letter was well-publicised; and caused a small furore among Jewish communities, especially in San Francisco. There was also plenty of activity from Jack McCloy, the 78-year-old elder statesman of the oil industry, and the lawyer representing all seven of the ' sisters,' from his august law firm above the Chase Manhattan Bank. He talked to his friends in Washington; he warned Sisco that the Saudis meant what they said, and he urged Kissinger to ` try to mediate.:.. that ` the Administration mustn't just think in: terms of the next New York election.' The companies were certainly :persistent enough in their attempts to influence foreign policy; why, then, did they have no discernible .effect ? What had happened to the `legendary power of the American oil lobby ? Had not the Texan. --leaders, Sam Rayburn and Lyndon Johnson, ensured for years that the oil industry maintained its tax -,benefits ? Had not the oil com- panies given at least $2.7 million. to President Nixon's campaign ? Had not Otto Miller of Socal him- sell! given $40,000? Had not Gulf .Oil directors given over $1 million, 'including a secret gift of $100,000, with the express understanding that they would be 'on the inside .track' ? Yet, when the moment came and four huge global companies, with billions of assets behind them, wanted. to pass on a simple critical message from King Faisal-a mes- sage which turned out to be per- fectly correct-they apparently had no influence whatever. There were several explanations. First, the Israeli lobby in Wash-- ington was undoubtedly far stronger, and far better organised, than the oil. lobby; and American intelligence about both the em- bargo and the prospects of war was heavily influenced by the ,Israelis, who turned out to be so strikingly wrong. Second, the Administration, having success- fully separated the two strands of Middle East foreign policy for so long, found it hard to imagine their coming together. But, third, the American oil- men-as some of them wryly admit-had lost nearly all of their credibility in the previous years. Their information was clearly self- interested, and they had been cry- `.ing wolf for too long. The ultimate roots of the public distrust went right back to the foundation of the "industry, to the arrogance and mendacity of the original Rocke- feller monopoly : and more recent abuses, including the arrogance of the Texan oil lobby and the studied secrecy of-Aramco, had all city members. had become much more sceptical about oil company pressure. So it was not altogether surprising that when the companies did have something, serious to say, hardly anyone believed them. While Washington was thus uninformed, in Egypt President Sadat was significantly shifting- his alignments. At the end of August he had been expected to consum- tnate the merger between Egypt and Libya for which Qadhafi had been pressing; but Sadat agreed only to a general statement of unity, which left Qadhafi dis- gruntled, and after the talks Sadat flew to Saudi Arabia for a secret visit to King Faisal. The meeting was momentous: Faisal promised Sadat that, if American policy in the Middle East didn't change, he would restrict the increases of oil production to 10 per cent a year- far short of Arainco's require- ments. Thus Egypt, for the first time, began to have effective oil pressure behind her diplomacy. Just after the visit, Qadhafi, celebrating the fourth anniversary .of the Libyan revolution on 1 September, announced that he would nationalise 51 per cent of all the oil companies operating in Libya, including the subsidiaries of Exxon, Mobil, Texaco, Socal and Shell. Two days later, the Libyans announced that the price of Libyan oil would go up to $6 a barrel- twice the Persian Gulf price-and threatened to cut off all exports to America if Washington continued to support Israel. Two clays later, all 10 . Foreign Ministers of the Arab oil-exporting countries (OAPEC) met to discuss the pos- sible use of oil as a weapon to change American policy: and a fortnight afterwards Sheikh Yam- ani formally warned the US that there could be a cut-back of Saudi Arabian oil. President Nixon appeared on television to warn the Libyans of the dangers of a boycott of oil, .reminding them of the experience of Mussaden in Iran 20 years be- fore; but nearly everyone knew. that the threat was hollow. As Ian Seymour wrote in the New York Times: `Could it really be that the President of the US had not yet grasped the predominant fact of life in the energy picture over the coming decade, that the problem is not whether oil will find mar- kets, but whether markets will find oil?' The Libyan crisis injected a new element of urgency; and the Euro- pean Governments, being more dangerously dependent on Arab- oil, made clear their concern to Washington. At just this time-the very worst time-the 1971 Tehran agreement over oil prices, which had lasted ~y~p 1 ve rs but had al- t 1u u4't3 beyond recog- nition, was finally breakin down. On 16 September, the 11 members of, OPEC asked the oil companies to attend a special conference in Vienna on 8 October to discuss sub- stantial increases. The oil producers knew that they were in a powerful position, in the face of a. potential shortage, and that the 'companies' own bargain- ing position was weak. But it was some time before they realised the. full extent of that weakness. And then, two days before the OPEC conference assembled, Egypt and. Syria invaded. It was now all too clear why King Faisal's warnings had been so emphatic; for.. his own position, as the lonely Arab champion of American policy, was now untenable; and oil and politics were now totally intermixed. The war and the negotiation coincided, with a timing that was soon to prove expensive for the oil consum- ing countries, beyond- their worst .nightmares. - Approved For Release 1999/09/02 : CIA-RDP79-01194A000100460001-5 CPYRGHT WHEN the Middle Last War was two days old, on 9 October 1973, the delegates of 20 oil companies, led by George Piercy of Exxon (Esso), met at Vienna to 'discuss oil prices with six members of OPEC. The timing, from the com- panies' point of view, was disas- trous. It was clear that oil and politics were now suddenly thoroughly intermixed. The Arab representatives were excited and unified by the war, and were soon passing round newspaper photo- graphs of American supplies to Israel. The war had added fervour and unity to their bargaining. But with or without a war, the companies were in a very feeble bargaining position. The Teheran agreement of 1971, which had fixed the oil-price at S3 a barrel, was now clearly, as one oilman put it, a `house of cards' which had already tumbled. The Iranians had already made it clear that they wanted to go up to $5 a barrel. The grievances of OPEC were, in fact, very real; the inflation facwr of 22 per cent a year had not kept pace with actual inflation, and the price of other commodities, as the Shah never ceased to point out, was far outstripping oil. And OPEC was now in a position-which the companies took some time to realise-to enforce their own price. OPEC's 13 years of disunity and humiliation were over, and the day of reckoning was near. After four fruitless days in Vienna, with the war gathering force in the background, the six OPEC countries were still standing firm, and it was clear that they would not settle for less than $5 a barrel. Soon after midnight on the fourth day George Piercy called on Sheikh Yamani, the Saudi Arabian tal Hotel, and explained that the companies could not give way further without consulting their home governments-which would take two weeks. Yamani was silent for 10 minutes, offered Piercy a Coke. slowly poured it, slowly squeezed a lemon: he seemed surprised and distressed, and later began pointedly looking at plane timetables for his journey back to Riyadh. But Piercy in- sisted : he must have two weeks to consult. The next day the conference dis- banded, and was never recalled; the OPEC countries announced that they would meet on their own the next week in Kuwait. The news of this critical breakdown, which had such historic results, was swamped by the war news; it was tuned on the business pages of The Times and the New York Times, and even the Financial Times printed it on .page 13. What would have hap- pened if the companies had agreed, there and then, on a S5 increase ? It is a question that haunts at least one of the negotiators. Meantime in New York the Aramco delegates were now des- perate about their companies' survival, and they turned once again to Jack McCloy, their veteran legal adviser, to press home their case to Washington. _I~IcCloy prom- ised to get a letter to the President, and wrote to General Haig at the White House, by special messen- ger, enclosing a memorandum to be passed on to both Nixon and Kiss- inger. The memo was signed by. all four chairmen of the Aramco -group, Jamieson of Exxon, Gran- ville of Texaco, Miller of Socal and Warner of Mobil-and it empha- sised that any increased American military aid to Israel `will have a critical and adverse effect on our producing countries.' The Euro- peans, warned the chairmen, could not face a serious shut-in. and ' may be forced to expand them Middle East supply positions at our ex- pense.' Japanese, Europ an, and perhaps Russian interests might well supplant United States presence in the area, ` to the detri- ment of both our economy and our security.' It was a characteristic confusion of arguments, military and commercial: American oil must be protected from both Euro- pean competition and a Russian invasion. General Haig took his time in dealing with the letter; th ee days after its delivery, he re lied to McCloy (` Dear John') s wing, ` I will see that the letter is fo -warded to the President and to S cretary Kissinger.' But in the intervening weekend Kissinger and Nixon, alarmed by reports of Soviet ship- rnents to the Arabs and the Israeli predicament, had authorised the immediate airlift of military sup- plies to Israel. The next week, on 16 October, four Arab Foreign Ministers arrived in Washington, le by the most crucial, Omar Sagq f, then the Foreign Minister o Saudi - Arabia-who was much iniore in- fluential with the King than Sheikh Yamani. Sagqaf was in a very bad mood; Nixon hadn't been able to see hirn that day, and at a press conference one American reporter said that the US didnt need Saudi Arabian oil, that th Saudis could drink it; Saqqaf rep ied bit- terly `All right, we will.' The next day, after a last minute warning from Aramco, Nixon and Kissinger agreed to see Saqqaf and the other three Foreign Min- isters for a long talk and lunch, followed by a talk with Ki singer. Saqqaf gave Nixon a letter from King Faisal, stating that if the US did not stop supplying Israel within two days there w uld be an embargo. But Nixon explained that he was committed to support- ing Israel; and on the same day the Senate voted by two thirds to send reinforcements. Saqqaf cae out of his meetings, as he expnlained Approved For Release 1999/09/02: CIA-RDP79-01 1 to ? realise their strength: on 16 -October they announced that they ..would raise the oil price to $5.12 a barrel-a figure which then seemed. appalling to the West. The next day they voted to cut their production. by five per cent per month, until Israel withdrew to her 1967 frontiers. Three days later, after Saqqaf's return from America, came the real bombshell. Washington --never believed it would happen. Saudi Arabia, far from distancing herself from OPEC, announced a cut-back of ten per cent, plus an embargo on all oil to the US and the Netherlands. The OPEC ring had now closed tightly round the consumer countries, and the pro- ~.ducing country that Americans had ,regarded as the safest was now the most determined to show its firm- ness. . The implementation was to be immediate, and the next day the 'Saudis cut back production by inpre than 20 per cent. In Riyadh, Yamani and other Saudi Ministers summoned Jungers of Aramco to discuss the enforcement of the embargo: the Saudis (Jungers noted) appeared glum and dis- illusioned with the US. They had already worked out the embargo in some detail, and they insisted that apart from the 10 per cent cut-back, Aramco must also sub- tract all shipments to the US including to the military: Aramco would have to police the whole complex operation, and any devia- tions from the ground rules would be harshly dealt with. Jungers pointed out some of the effects of the rules; for instance, that Italy and Japan would be specially hard hit. Yamani remarked that this was deliberate, implying that they were being punished for pro-Israeli attitudes. If this embargo didn't change American policy, Yamani ex plained, the next step would 'not just be more of the same': Jungers had no doubt that he meant complete nationalisation, if not a break in diplomatic relations. It was a crisis of identity for the Aramcans (as the employees of Aramco call themselves), for where was their ultimate loyalty?. At the height of a war, with highly- charged American public opinion, they were required to be the agents of an Arab Government in enforc- ing an embargo, including a mili- tary embargo, designed openly to change US foreign policy. The whole past justification for Wash- ington's diplomatic support of the companies in the Middle East- that they were essential to national security-was undermined, just -when the US Sixth Fleet was being held in readiness in the midst of their company engineers put it) have `taken them off the hook.' Back in June the Aranico engineers had been having some difficulties with the technique of forcing oil, out through water-injection: the vast expansion of production was proving rather harder than ex- pected, and the temporary reduc- tion forced by the embargo would `Oil producers were convinced they had been diddled for decades' have technological advantages. But the long-terns prospects for Aram- co's expansion were still glittering -provided they could keep the trust of the King. In the meantime Kissinger was in Moscow, where lie and Brezhnev each agreed to bring pressure on his client-state. By 21 October, when the embargo was proclaimed, the Israelis had agreed.to a cease- fire in place, and the next day in New York the Security Council unanimously adopted the call for a cease-fire by the two super- powers. The Aramco directors heaved a sigh of relief, and by 24 October their man Jungers was able to send a more optimistic message back from Saudi Arabia. 'No question that Saudi Arabian Government mood now more relaxed,' lie cabled to Socal, `but one of cautious anti-- cipation.' But, he warned, the King was still radical on the point of Jerusalem, ` always the most sensitive and uncompromising issue with His Majesty' and there was ` absolutely no question that the oil cut-back would remain in effect until the entire implementa- tion was worked out.' One Saudi contact told Jungers that there was ` great satisfaction' with Aramco for its pro-Arab stand, and re- marked `we hope to reward you' -which Jungers, interpreted as a promise to allow future growth. Aramco was closely in touch with Jim Akins, the former oil expert in the State Department who was now Ambassador to Saudi Arabia. On 25 October Akins sent a confi- dential message to Aramco, that the oil tycoons in America should hammer home to their friends in government that oil restrictions would not be lifted 'unless the CPYRGHT tions problems,' Akins pointed out, with considerable understatement, between the industry and the Government; and the oil com- panies must put their views in a clear unequivocal way-, Akins's message was duly transmitted the next day to the four Aramco part- ners in New York and San Fran- cisco. It was an odd reversal of the diplomatic process, to find an Am- bassador urging industrialists to exert pressure on his own depart- ment, knowing that he could not achieve it himself. Meanwhile the Aramco directors still had to carry out the King's orders, even though these were directly against their own coun- . try's ; interests; and the Saudis soon asked them to give details, country by country, of all the Saudi Arabian crude oil used to supply the American military bases throughout the world-all to be supplied in two days. In New York two company officials, from Mobil and Texaco, were reluctant to release such sen- sitive information. But Exxon, as always the senior sister, reassured them that they had consulted with the Defence Department. It was, in fact, a very peremptory consulta- tion; Admit-al Oller, who was in charge of Defence Fuel, was con- cerned about such information reaching the Saudis, particularly at the time of the world-wide alert; blithe did not hear about it until it was a fait accompli. The details went back to the Saudis, and the companies were duly instructed to stop the supplies to the military. Exactly how seri- ous was the cutting-off remains ob- scure, and surrounded by secrecy. The Sixth Fleet certainly con- tinued to receive enough supplies from other sources. But the Aramco partners were now very exposed to the charge that had so often been made against oil com- panies in the past : that in a crisis they were not ultimately patriotic. In New York, it was all too evident that they were carrying out the instructions of a -,foreign -Government; and however much they insisted that they had no alter- native, short of being confiscated, they had few public figures on their side. In the midst of the most Jewish city, they stood out as a pro-Arab enclave. - The topography seemed si m- 'bolic : on one side of Sixth Avenue in Manhattan stood the three sky- scrapers of the three TV networks -CBS, NBC, ABC-all of them very sympathetic to the Israeli cause, and deeply. critical of the oil companies. On the other side stood the headquarters of the two key companies : Exxon's new sky- scraper and the two floors of Aramco, at Fifty-fourth Street. It was as if the Avenue was an impassable frontier, like the River Jordan ,itie~f~nJ,j}~i~lcethc Aranico trainees, pi Vpyktj lease 10 }Xf?"M g' 1 engravings o abra, au r ti i~ . e e those bleak colour photographs of prices had not been an Arab .pipelines in the desert. so much at all, but the Shalt of Iran; and ,favoured in oilmen's offices. the other most demanding country, To the media, across the avenue, in OPEC was Venezuela, 8,000 miles Aramco appeared an all-powerful away from the Persian Gulf. supra-government, a consortium of ,_ Even without the war, the basic four of the richest companies in fact could not have eluded the the world in league with an alien members of OPEC for very long: -,sovereign State. But the Aramco that the consuming countries were men in New York saw themselves dependent on a . small group of as persecuted and encircled; anony- exporters, who were able by mous telephone callers rang up restricting production to control with bomb scares to make them the price. It was the same basic troop out of the building, and with fact that had been discovered by threats and insults against the oil John D. Rockefeller a century be- traitors. fore, when the whole oil monopoly There was little middle ground : had been controlled by 'a hand- each side had its own view of the ful of men,: now it was a handful priorities of foreign policy,. and of countries. The oil companies had each had a profound distrust of the seen the weapon which they them- other. The clash meinevi selves had forged turned suddenly for tke opposing interests which Washington had so carefully kept back on themselves. apart for the last 25 years, could But a critical question remains no longer be kept separate. What to be answered : will the OPEC was remarkable was how few cartel still hold together after the people had foreseen the clash, and immediate cause of its unity has the disaster that followed. disappeared and the Arab-Israel The shock caused by the- oil conflict is resolved with a settle- shortage was so acute-particularly ment ? in Atnerica-that it was some time before people realised that- the embargo was only part of the trouble : what was more import- ant was that the OPEC countries were 'now united, and could raise the oil-price as high as they wished. And as if to make the point clear to OPEC, the smaller oil companies now began hectically buying oil at any price they could; at an auction in Iran in December they went up to $17. The moderates in OPEC were now more convinced that the radicals were right : that for decades they had been diddled. The major oil companies by now realised that they were not now negotiating at all; they were waiting for . unilateral demands. By 23 December the Persian Gulf members of OPEC,, encouraged by the auctions, an- nounced that their oil-price would be doubled again, to $11.65 a barrel. In New York the oilmen had a sour joke with their returning negotiators: `Congratulations on, not accepting. more than the Arabs demanded.' ~- "What, in fact, was the chief cause of the huge leap in the oil price has been argued by oilmen ever since. There is little doubt that the Middle East war had accelerated and precipitated the crisis; it unified the Arab members of OPEC, and brought the Saudis into line; without it, the price, could have stayed around $5 for some time. `The Arabs' became a kind of synonym for the OPEC cartel, but it was a misleading 4A000100460001-5 CPYRGHT Approved For Release 1999/09/02 : CIA-RDP79-01194A000100460001-5 Page 35 War-The Ultimate Antitrust Action By Andrew Tobias The unthinkable alternative is now being openly discussed as a solution to. the world's oil-related economic problems. It is almost unanimously re- jected-for now. But there is some sentiment in the land that, if the O.P.E.C. countries should become totally unreasonable, they could eventually drive the United States, or some other country, to desperate acts. Andrew Tobias surveys the range of opinions and discusses some of our more peaceable alterna- Is the Pardon Explained even some of his most patient well-wishers were out- raged and mystified by President Ford's sweeping pardon of Richard Nixon and by the deal that ulti- mately puts the White House tapes in his care. Over- looked, if not studiously ignored, by those able to .look into the matter, notably Congress, is the fact that Gerald R. Ford himself was a frequent visitor ..in the bugged Oval Office and is, therefore, a crux cial entry in the Nixon tape ,;}rchives. Could it br that the tapes of those visit9;.plus those of other key Republicans, hold the key to Mr. Nixon's otherwise Page 46 Amazing Moms She's a great-grandmother- now, but that. hasn't slowed Moms Mabley one little bit. One of the great, raucous performers in the.first glow of black enter- tainment in America-a comic and actress who played the Cotton Club in 1927, toured with "Bo- jangles" Robinson, Cab Calloway, Ellington, and Basie-Moms is about to send her 100-pound self into yet another orbit. She's starring in a. movie called Amazing Grace, due to open here next month. Mark Jacobson sits down to a game of checkers with the Great Lady-an unequal contest at best- and then hears her out on a passel of subjects in- cluding young age, old age, show biz, and her own Clients to Make a Decorator Tear His Hair Out By Billy Baldwin Interior decorator to the elite for as long as anyone wants to remember, Billy Baldwin is ready to do some remembering himself. In this chapter from his forthcoming Billy Baldwin Remembers, Billy sum- mons up the weird hassling he's been through at the hands of some of his illustrious clients. The list includes the late Billy Rose, along with several oth- ers whom, still being alive, the author has mercifully draped in anonymity. Page 70 Movies: Past Imperfect, Present Perceptive By Judith Crist Louis Malle's Lacombe, Lucien compellingly sur- veys the small man caught up in large crimes. Page 75 Theater: Hope Against Hope By John Simon Some glimmers of unguarded optimism appear here and there, but Mr. Simon doesn't share them. Page 76 Music: Sunday Punch By Alan Rich The Sunday Times's Arts and Leisure section has become a lot more voluble than valuable. . Page 81 Books: Now It Can Be Told, Told in AU Its Gory By Eliot Fremont-Smith Some famous recent murders have made the inevita- ble, but successful,, transition to hardcovers. Page 10 The City Politic: Autumn for Henry By Ted Szulc In these darkening days for Henry Kissinger, our secretary of state ran his diplomatic minibus through the streets of New York last week and got messed up. Page 12 The Bottom Line: Wall Street's Next Big Worry By Dan Dorfman There's a $15-billion bundle of stocks overhanging the market, belonging to fire and property underwrit- ers. They are hard pressed and, maybe, ready to sell. The Passionate Shopper: House Beautiful By Deborah Haber From massage to beard-trim, there's hardly a beauty service that you can't have performed in your own home. Ms. Haber, therefore, describes all those peo- ple in town who, having skills, will travel Page 94 Food: Sendoff By Mimi Sheraton The home front becomes even more interesting as Ms. Sheraton describes all the food delicacies, some of them original and rare, that you can now order by mail. Page 8: Letters; Page 15: In and Around Town Page 68: Best Bets, By Ellen Stock Page 84: New York Intelligencer Page 96: New York Classified Page 102: New York Real Estate Classified Page 105: Sales & Bargains, By Sarah Harriman Page 106: Competition, By Mary Ann Dolby Madden Pnr r[lR? i nndnn Cnnrtay Tarn C .r. ?,prd Cover: The Unthinkable Made Clear, by Julian Allen. The following are registered trade names, and the use of these names is strictly prohibited: The Artful Lodger, Best Bets, Best Bits, The Bottom Line, The Capitol Letter, The City Politic, Cityscape, The Global Village, In and Around Town. New York Intellittencer, The Passionate Shopper, and The Urban Strategist. New York is published weekly (except for a combined issue the last two weeks in December) by the NYM Corporation, 207 East 32nd St., New York, N.Y. 10016. Copyright (j 1974 by the NYM Corporation. All rights reserved. Reproduction without permission is strictly pro- hibited. Milton Glaser, Chairman; Clay S. Felker, President; Ruth A. Bower, Executive Vice-President: John C. Thomas Jr., Vice-President, Marketing: Kenneth Fadner. Vice-President, Finance; Thomas B. Morgan, Vice-President; Sheldon Zalaznick, Vice-President. Second-class postage paid at New York. N.Y.. and at additional mailing offices. Editorial and Business cffices: 212 889-3660. Postmaster: send form 3579 to New York, Box 2979, Boulder, Colorado 80302. Subscription rates in Continental U.S. only: one year, $14; two years, $25. For subscription information, write Joseph Oliver, New York Magazine, Subscription Department, Box 2979, Boulder, Colorado 80302, Approved For Release 1999/09/02 : CIA-RDP79-01194A000100460001-5 Approved For Release .199 {Q.-,RDP79-01194A000100460001-5 The 1t3~ ntitrust ction By Andrew Tobias "... Could we, technically, pull off an invasion of one of the na- tions belonging to O.P.E.C.? If so, should we do such a thing? And in any case, might we, or some other country, try it?..." - With the world walking along the "My initial reaction to that whole try. And 1-think Ford is setting up edge of financial collapse, depression, military scenario," a Federal Energy these summits as a way of preparing and massive human suffering (in the Administration official told me,'"'is that the public for severe measures that less-developed countries), a number it's a bunch of goddamned New York have to be taken. As a result, there of influential people-most notably the bankers trying to protect their invest- will be a period of a year, or whatever, president of the United States and his ments, overseas." while these measures are being t ken, secretary of state-have recently be- In fact, opinions among New York and while there is still hope of getting gun talking about ho'w unthinkable, as bankers vary. But it's true that they this thing under control. But I think it a solution to our oil-'related economic have been thinking about the prob- will be very hard to reorient a ship problems, military action would be. lem. "Jesus, your timing is uncanny," that's so far turned. (I'm not saying, That in turn has started some people one investment banker told me, again by the way, that I think the Arabs are thinking about military action. before the president's speech in Detroit. the only ones responsible for our rob- Even before the twin Ford/Kissinger "We had a long debate about that last lems; American. economic poli ies- speeches of September 23, which a night." I interviewed both sides of the guns and butter, : etc.-are responsible, Kissinger aide confirms were indeed debate and offer them as being fairly too. Not to mention just the wea her.) coordinated, serious people were con- typical of what's being said these days: "You 'know, six months ag this sidering-and almost unanimously re- NAVY PINSTRIPE: "If things really would have been looked on as totally jetting-war as a solution to our prob- get bad in this country, the potential unacceptable conversation, okay To- lems. They are still almost unanimously social upheavals will force the govern- day it's acceptable, and almost reason- rejecting it. But that they would con- ment to look outside. And if the gov- able, but people have an emotional sider it -at all is a measure of the ernment wants to preserve itself, or if revulsion to war and it's talked abut in gravity of the world situation. the system wants to preserve itself, it muted tones. Six months from now I And there are those few serious peo- will naturally have to take into con- think it's something that will be talked ple who have considered it and, pri-. sideration what the hell are 6 million about among serious people as seri- vately, advocate it. (Whether they people in Saudi Arabia or 3 million. ous alternative. And a year fro now would actually give the command if it people in Libya or I million people in I think it might be fashionable." were theirs to give is another story.) the Trucial States-what the hell right CHARCOAL PINSTRIPE: "I thin it's a Early in September, before talk of do they have, as it would be put, to put totally crazy idea. There migh con- confrontation was making headlines, us out of business, in effect? And when ceivably be a scenario where it could- the director of research of a prominent people get desperate, they can find be justified-if they refused to ell us Wall Street firm told me that he thought plenty of rationalizations. 'We found any oil at all, for example-a d the the United States should, now, seize that oil, we invested in it, we had con- argument might-have some more eight the Saudi Arabian oil fields, or get tracts for it. . . .' You can make thou- after we had gone through som very someone else to do it for us. A well-sands of arguments. austere moments , but to consider respected leader of the financial com- "The American people are just not it now? munity, strictly off the record, agreed. going to put up with not owning their "The argument for doing i , you And while neither anticipated imme- own houses, with high unemployment know, can best be summed up 'Are diate action, both thought that a vio- . . . the American people will turn, we going to let a bunch of desert lent outbreak over the Persian Gulf oil aggressively, to look for the cause. nomads hold us ransom and hold the treasure, in one form or another, was ["My clients are really enraged," an whole world ransom-these people who almost inevitable. institutional salesman told me, "that -live in tents?' And in fact I head that Walter Levy, the best-known inter- we could have lost so much in Viet- expressed with a certain amo nt of national oil expert, while he does not nam, and then here, where, our vital sincerity by the president of a inter- advocate the use of force, fears that interests are at stake, we do nothing."] national copper company. nations may be driven to irrational "I don't see this happening in the "But besides its being offensi e, it's acts-and in the not too distant future immediate future because there are a ludicrous. Saudi Arabia happen to be -if what he calls "unmanageable oil lot of steps that can be taken in the one of our close allies. We would so prices". are not reduced. Interim to conserve energy in this coun- shock and horrify our friends.t a Iran- CPYRGHT Approved For Release 1999/09/02 : CIA-RDP79-01194AO00100460001-5 is to be an ally of these guys. Not to mention the rest of the oil-producing countries. "You know, invading Saudi Arabia is not what the cold war equation is all about. The Soviet Union would probably oppose us and oppose us very strongly were we to consider such a thing." NAVY PINSTRIPE: "It's my personal point of view that the Russians will never fight a war with the Americans over something other than an invasion of Eastern Europe or the Soviet Union. The Russians, in my negotiations with them [Navy Pinstripe does a lot of East-West 4rade-deals], are very pru- dent and cautious people. They drive a hard bargain and are full of bluster -until they see that you are really walking away. And I think they would do the same thing here. If they knew that it meant survival to the West. and that we meant business, :the Russians would never fight a war`\,over people that they themselves don't rdspect. Re- member, the Arabs are not liked in Russia. You don't think the Russians are going to risk their whole country for Libya, do you? [A variant of this argument is that we would "simply make a deal with the Russians." An- other wheat deal, perhaps.] "There is no question in my mind- that seizing and maintaining the Saudi oil fields would be a minor operation from our point of view." CHARCOAL PINSTRIPE: "Bullshit. You. can't get marines over there until you start flying them, and you can't pro- duce a massive airlift without mobiliz- ing a certain amount of our own forces; or else you would have to send the bloody Sixth Fleet [Charcoal Pin- stripe is a lieutenant commander in the reserves] all the way around the horn of Africa and get it off the coast of Saudi Arabia-unless you wanted to march them across Egypt and across the canal and down the Sinai Penin- sula, and eventually into Saudi Arabia. If you did manage to take it over, you would have a tremendous amount of patrolling to do to try to prevent sabo- tage of the pipelines, which extend all over the, country, and you'd end up with a mini-Algeria. "And I 'think from a cold war point of view this would have horrendous results. And it would have absolutely no justification in fact! This inflation problem has been largely self-created, and we cannot blame the Arabs for it. In Italy it's the militant trade unions, more than the Arabs, who have gotten things so messed up. The Arabs have done something that is perfectly ra- tional from their standpoint-they've e as t ey can, "You know, one of the things that traditionally happen-it happened in Germany, it happened in Japan-is the foreign-devil theory, where people take internal domestic problems and say these are caused by the foreign devils who are raping the country, and all that sort of thing. I would be very concerned if we had some demagogue say that the way to get out of this is to beat the Arabs up and get cheap, abundant oil. Its a dangerous topic; people get easily carried away." Around this point in the typical de- bate one party starts talking about the United States as a diabetic and the Arabs as withholding our insulin un- less we pay outrageous prices; the other party talks of the United States as a heroin addict about to mug the Middle East; and the first party insists that it's the Middle East mugging the heroin addict-and that being hooked on energy is more constructive than being hooked on heroin. But it is time to open the discussion to the rest of the wardrobe of opinion- Could we, technically, pull off an in- vasion of one of the nations belong' ing to the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (O.P.E.C.) and. keep the oil flowing? (Saudia Arabia is the country most often considered, be- cause it has most of the world's oil, a small population, and`an even smaller army. Though, in fact, it is the Venezuelans and the Iranians who seem to be putting the screws to us most, tightly.) If so, should we do such a thing? And in any case, might we or some other country try it? Herman Kahn, the futurist: "It would be fairly easy to knock over any one of those countries-but you got to go in and kill people to do it. It's very difficult to kill people on an enterprise that's immoral, illegal, and long-lasting. Day after day those pictures would show up on television: two Arabs killed, ten Arabs killed." Herman Kahn doesn't see it happening. We haven't the stomach to mount such an enterprise now, he says. Tad Szulc, the journalist: `It would be a terribly foolish thing to do, open a can of worms-but having said that, there is always someone who is foolish enough to do something like this." Someone like us, perhaps? "Look," Szule says; "there's contingency plan- ning for anything you want to mention, because there are an awful lot of col- onels and generals who do nothing but plan contingencies, you know. And I think every government has got a con- tinency plan for invading the moon. with conventional forces. But I just don't see am body at this stage making months from now.... Obviously there is no policy here." A noted British financier: "Well. I would think it's unlikely in the course of a rear. I .would think the time for that kind of talk would have been back when the increases were put on. Amer- ica doesn't suffer enough from this. and America is really the power that is most likely to get round to that line of thought. Japan is the other one. Professor \,I. A. Adelman. of \i.i.T.. has never been considered "soft" on what he terms "Arab blackmail." In fact Forbes labeled him a "gunboat professor." But tinder most circum- stances. he would not advocate an at- tempt to seize the oil. "What I am told," he savs. "is that such an operation would be feasible if you mounted a sufficiently large effort from the beginning. Which means you've got to have all your technicians on board. land them quickly. and get started. You can restore oil fields that have been blown lip. Experience in World War 11 indicates that. "But whether it should be done all depends on what the alternatives are. If you had a cutback of 25 per cent of the oil production in most of these countries, the way you had last fall, I would suppose that it would be an overreaction, and you wouldn't want to do it. If there had been a 100 per cent cutback. or even a good deal less than that. then it's not a question anymore of should it' be done-it just would be done. Because the nations Wouldn't let themselves starve and freeze in the dark. Period. And you can quote me on that. because it' seems just obvious. I'm not even advocating anything. There's nothing to advocate. The con- surning countries would just move in. It's just like predicting a change in the weather, only with a much greater chance of success." And what if - production were not cut back substantially. but prices were kept at the current level or even raised a bit? Send in the marines? "It's just not true." insists the gunboat professor.. "that we can't live over the next five years with these prices. You can keep these figures in mind, and you can quote them: the O.P.E.C..loot amounts to about S100 billion a year, and world G.N.P. is about S5.000 billion. So it's a matter of 2 per cent. Well, the world can live with that. Now, for countries like the U.S.A., it just means that we pay a bit more. We transfer our wealth abroad in return for oil. In countries like India, it really is an acute crisis and undoubtedly it means starvation got a dwin4p ro icVgs r~?c~cF3cc T~ilYgr/d`C~ `~ ? `?~~A~~ ~1~3If 1't' 94-A-000100460001-5 CPY GHT for many thousands of Indians. But to it, and maybe fresh eves can read it oil will ring, and so a ct to pric righily or wrorAppi'Owedl FortReleasen$9$91O erc1AvRQRRi9a01194r4O0l0O46100??1L5 m litary and like it do not have the political power to do much about it, and indeed they've been almost as painfully obsequious and lickspiule to the producing coun- tries as the United States has. "So, like it or not, the world can take it perfectly well, and will take it, and I would say nobody can have much confidence in whether prices go much higher or much lower, but I give a slight edge to pries going higher." As for the damage that massive "petrodollar" accumulations are caus- ing the world financial system. Adel- man agrees the damage is real, but maintains it is "essentially a temporary problem." If you can't get a gunboat professor to salute when you run this invasion scenario up the flagpole, you won't get as much as a click-of-the-heels from within the State Department itself. "it makes no sense whatsoever," My Source told me with what appeared to be spon- taneous sincerity. (After reading Tin- ker. Tailor. Soldier, Spy-or. come to think of it, the Watergate tape tran- scripts-I take nothing at face value It "People talk about seizing the Saudi oil telds? There are so many reasons . it's the most absurd thing I've ever heard of. That's my problem. I guess [in being a little at'a loss for words]. because in the first place, I can't con- ceive of a situation so shortly after Viet- nam where this would be generally ac- cepted by the American people-unless it, you know, I could. I suppose, imag- ine a situation if our industry had ground to a halt because we didn't have oil that maybe if it got bad enough the frustration level might reach a point where it might be acceptable. but cer- tainly it would take a great deal. more than the currently foreseeable prob- lems. Beyond that, the number of forces that would necessarily be involved would be great. Quite great. And be- yond that. nobody in his right mind would expect the Soviets to stand by and watch it happen. So I just think there are any number of reasons why it's patently absurd." In his speech to the U.N. last month Kissinger scared. hell out of some peo- ple when he said, "What has gone up by political decision [O.P.E.C. oil prices] can be reduced by political de- cision [the question is. whose?]."But My Source, who "worked closely with Henry. on this speech." says that "in the first place. . it never entered our heads that the speech in any way im- plied any form of military interven- tion. In fact. I can read through the entire thing and not find a veiled threat anywhere, though I will admit that that's to a degree because I'm too close. I think it was a gloomy speech-I think it was a gloomy subject. But I don't accept that it was threatening in any way." And, in fact, taken at face value and read in its entirety-not in snippets out of context-the speech seems more an urgent call to cooperation than a call to arms. Talking about nuclear prolifera- tion, massive starvation. and the break- down of world economic order, Kissin- ger was pointing out, urgently, that these are threats inherent in the present world situation-and that therefore co- operation is essential. You can read that "Cooperate or we'll beat your brains out." Or you can read it "We must all cooperate. or we shall sink together." The only thing is. admittedly -and, really, it goes without saying-if the O.P.E.C. countries gave us' no alter- native but to light or sink, we would certainly fight. "I just can't believe that they would be that uncompromising." a vice-presi- dent of Morgan Guaranty Trust with considerable expertise in the Middle East told me. "and that they would fail to recognize the threat they would be posing to the world economy. Because they would certainly be running them- selves into the ground. I mean, I don't think they have a sort of suicidal urge to bring everybody dawn-qyite the contrary. I think the ch~nces? are good that reason will prevail.'l.get the im- pression- that the decision-makers on both sides are pretty responsible, in the final analysis. and realize that we are interdependent. I'm not alarmed, in other words, personally. "Take the open letter to President Ford from the president of Venezuela. It's pretty verbose, if you like, but in the middle of all that it's pretty con- ciliatory. He's saying. 'We're willing to work things out.' He didn't promise anything, but he certainly didn't say, you know, 'Forget it.' And I think his letter is representative of most of the thinking in O.P.E.C." .There are, in all, thirteen members of O.P.E.C., but the two most important are Saudi Arabia and Iran: Saudi Arabia has most of the world's oil and is a traditional ally, staunchly anti-Communist. We have 6,000 mili- tary advisers in Saudi Arabia. ranging from generals to master sergeants, and we are building an air defense system for them, which will be ready around 1978 or 1979. The Saudis have said they want to lower the cost of oil. One rea- son is to help us: the other reason is to hurt Iran, whom the Saudis fear. Iran. a ith 30 million people, a sophisticated army, and the beginning of a powerful economy, can use all the money its economic expansion, where oil revenue for the Saudis n in. There. are two reasons w dis have not pushed down First, they are afraid of populous and more militant Second. King Faisal is a ve man. "I think the religio probably dominant," says a the Federal Energy Admini volted in international atfai economics. You know, Ki his life's goal at this stage. some people think we are g a renewal of the embargo y the Sau~ the price neighbors y religion s. thing i official o tration in Faisal i mmay b hat's wh ing to hag ossible if . things don't progress politically "I think Yamani [the oil minister would genuinely like to to ver prices He's more Western oriented [Harvar Law, 1955-56], and he has better ap preciation of the Iranian threat. Bu the power, of course, is with the king And he sees things more in terms o Arab brotherhood."' Iran is not an Arab country. Th shah has visions (literally) of Iran' becoming a major power, and to the end. I'm told, either has n hand o on order two destroyers from Litto Industries. a couple of aircraft carrier he is trying to lease,85OChi ftain tank from Britain, 600 helicopters. about I I Phantoms, 80 F-14's. ands forth an so on'. In the words of on war buff "This guy's building up a incredibt military force." }Vhich means if we eve wanted t invade Iran. we had best waste no tim whatever. However, it is unlikely w would ever want to invade Iran. Ina much as she. also, is a close ally an staunchiv anti-Communist. lore like!),ran will in a few years (if of sooner invade her unfriendly, Communi neighbor to the west, Iraq (an oil pr ducer of modest proportions), and the , while she's at it, perhaps knock o! F Kuwait. too-perhaps spl sting thes two prizes with Saudi Arabia, to kee that country quiet. or eve going a t the way and attempting t seize th Saudi oil fields (which are onvenientl in the eastern part of the country, o the Gulf). plus Abu Dhabi. Oman. an Qatar. That would leave ran, in t words of novelist Paul Erdman. wh has been working on all his for h next book. "with (a) all the oil in t world. (b) all the money i- the wort , and (c) the most important real esta in the Middle East." It is precisely the Saudi dependence on us to keep such a thin from ha - pening that should be our point of 1 - verage in this situation-but so far t hasn't done us much good. Approved For Release 1999/09/02 : CIA-RDP79-01194A000100460001-5 Approved For Release 1999/09/02 : CIA-RDP79-01194A0001004G0001 _~HT There is no question that the con- suming countries are in a bind. The New York Times has said. repeatedly. that we "must take effective economic action against the international oil car- tel" jp force down the price of oil. Unfortunately. there is no very effective economic action we can take. A food boycott would never work-the rela- tively little food O.P.E.C. needs would come from someone; perhaps even the Russians. The Wall Street Journal is not the only one to have called The Times's proposal to limit the amount of funds O.P.E.C.could invest in any one consuming country "silly." And while it is certainly vital for us to cut back energy consumption and pull out all stops in increasing production-this may not be enough to force down oil prices. About the only way to "force". prices down is with what you might call the ultimate antitrust action. Force. But even that, if it were done half- heartedly, could prove unsuccessful or, disastrous. Less dramatic, but more probable. perhaps, are the peaceful ways in which the world-may muddle through: In the first place, there is the possi- bility, simply, of compromise between producers and consumers. Even if that compromise is reached with the threat of war lurking in the background. As Walter Levy puts it: "Fundamentally, you know, I take the position: you do not produce oil sitting on bayonets. 1 don't know what youdo when you take over a country by force. You have guer- rilla movements, you have destruction of facilities and all these kinds of prob- lems. But who knows what happens when people are desperate? I believe the important thing from our side as well as the producing side is to avoid it. And the mere fact that certain things may occur that make no sense what- ever, but which would be extremely destructive to us as well as the produc- ing countries-that may be the means through which agreement is achieved. You know, the deterrent effect of, what should I say, potentially irrational be- havior. Which I would never advocate, but it's there, the danger." Second. there is the possibility of the United States' guaranteeing Israel's pre- 1967 borders, both to protect Israel from attack from without, and to pro- tect her neighbors from attack from within. Along with, presumably, some compromise on Jerusalem. This might mollify much of the Arab intransigence on oil prices and production. It would be an expensive and unpleasant posi- tion to be put in. but less so than the position we're currently in. Third, there is the possibility that t e cartel will simply fall apart, as cartels have been known to do. So far this one has proved surprisingly strong. But if the world cuts back its oil demands sharply. through conservation measures, then the cartel would in turn have to cut back its production (and revenues) sharply in order to maintain the price. And it is in allocating cutbacks that cartels generally fail. Iran, for example, might be unwilling to cut back very much at all. Why then would Saudi Arabia and Kuwait agree to cut back? They have no interest in strengthening Iran; and to Saudi Arabia, with oil re- serves of perhaps 100 years. a barrel not sold today is in effect put at the end of the line and not sold for 100 years-which in current dollars makes it virtually worthless. "This idea that a barrel of oil in the ground is as valu- able as a barrel in the bank is a lot of crap." says Herman Kahn, of the Hud- son Institute, who expects the price of oil to decline steadily over the next few years-even if, for face-saving rea- sons, the price remains. constant while world inflation gradually eats away at the real price. (Even if a program of stringent energy conservation did not actually force a price reduction from the cartel, it would go a long way to solving the problem, at least in this country. Ac- cording to the Federal Energy Admin- istration, for example, in 1972, the lat- est year for which figures are available. there. were 34 million "small" passen- ger cars on the road, and 62 million "standards," which includes everything else. The small cars averaged just under 22 miles per gallon; the standards. just over eleven. Simply by switching from. standards to small cars-from Impalas to Vegas-we would save 1.8 million barrels of oil a day, give or take--or about 30 per cent of our total imports. And 30 per cent of the outflow of our wealth into O.P.E.C. hands. Obviously this switch cannot be made overnight. But while it's happening, the same oil could be saved by driving slower, driv- ing smoother, and, as a last resort, actu- ally-dare I say it?-driving less. Add- ing similar energy savings from heat- ing, air conditioning,lighting,and indus- try, one can imagine that the "uncon- scionable ransom" we are being forced to pay for oil might be reduced to next to nothing. This is why measures like a really large excise tax on gasoline, the proceeds of which could be returned in the form of a tax credit to low- and middle-income taxpayers, might be a good idea.) Fourth, there is some reason to think own, we can the wit it. immer e Vries, vice-president of the Morgan bank, outlined this case persuasively on September 23 at a conference in Beirut. De Vries does not believe that actual dollar accumulations will be anything like the World Bank forecast, by which O.P.E.C. member countries would build up S650 billion in excess reserves by 1980 and $1.2 trillion by 1985; He as- sumes that demand for O.P.E.C. oil will grow more slowly than was pro- jected when prices were one-fifth their current.-level, whereas imports by the O.P.E.C. countries from consuming countries will rise very rapidly. He also expects foreign aid from O.P.E.C. coun- tries to the less-developed countries to rise substantially. Under his assump- tions, the O.P.E.C. reserve funds would peak four or five years from now at around 5300 billion, by which time O.P.E.C. expenditures would equal rev- enues. Huge as this figure is, de Vries thinks it is not beyond the ability of the .%urld financial system to handle. If. in fact, the world can manage for the next four or five years, then pros- pects may improve substantially. By then oil from the North Slope of Alaska and from the North Sea should be flow- ing (Britain hopes to be an exporter of oil by 1980). and much of the explora- tion that is going on now will undoubt- edly be bearing fruit. Five years from now we might also have made some progress running our nuclear plants, or even in exploiting in greater amounts our 3.2 trillion tons of coal. Such a mess. It's enough to make the stock market go down and down, while stock in Northrop. a defense contractor. with a lot of Middle Eastern contracts, hits new highs. It is frustrating that our friends the Arabs and the Venezuelans and the Canadians. et al., seem so unsympathetic to what we perceive as urgent global problems; and frustrating that we con- suming countries, with all our economic power: can do relatively little about it. And in frustration lie the seeds of ir- rationality. Nor do the Arabs make it easier for us, to keep our heads when they say they have raised o;1 prices to compen- sate for the inflation of our exports. and that if we lower our prices, they dill consider lowering theirs. Number one. oil prices have vastly outstripped world prices as a whole. Number two. the O.P.E.C. countries broke long-term contracts and allowed consumers no time whatever to adjust-which. when the commodity is as indispensable as oil and the screws are turned as tight as they have been, would seem to qual- ify as a highly hostile act. Number three. Approved For Release 1999/09/02 : CIA-RDP79-01194A000100460001-5 Approved For Release 1999/09/02 : CIA-RDP79-01194AO00100460001-5 the O.P.E.C. countries export so much more than they import that Western in- flation does not even begin to justify the 400 per cent hike in the price of oil, We could give the Saudis free food if they cut oil prices 5 per cent! One hopes that out of the jawboning and posturing and outrageous. demands will come a good old-fashioned com- promise. But it is almost as though we were being baited. If and when Amer- ica will lose its collective temper, how- ever unjustified we might be. and how- ever imperialistic or callous that might make us look, is not an idle question. And that it is not-that war could be considered by serious people as a last resort to our economic problems-is almost enough to make you join a car pool. a. CPYRGHT Approved For Release 1999/09/02 : CIA-RDP79-01194A000100460001-5 Page 39 ~..? Page 85 The Oil War of 1976: How the Shah Won the World s 4 Music: Czech Mate A Scenario by Paul Erdman By Alan Rich The end of the world-at least the one we all know E f , The Met's revival of Jenufa only proves that sim- and love-came during a week in early March, 1976. plicity is not one of the company's strong points. In a brilliantly executed two-day war, the shah of Iran's military might swept its neighbors virtually Page 87 off the map: Iraq first, followed by all the other Theater: Posters, Posturings, and Potboilers states and sheikdoms bordering the Persian Gulf. By John Simon This maneuver gave Iran control of nearly all the The best and the worst of agitpron, not drama world's oil supply, and it also gave the shah, of course, the right to set a new price structure for all that oil. The Industrial Era around the world ended page 39 MISCELLANY soon after:. Fantastic" you say?Well, the story does rest in Page 8. the realm of fiction, so far:, a scenario concocted by ft1+ The Bottom Line: An Iron Law of Capitalism financier-novelist Paul Erdman- (whose previous nov- D -~ ' By Dan Dorfman - Clients of U.S. Trust have been asked to put up more els included The Billion ollar Sure Thing and The Silver Bears). But Mr. Erdman bases his fantasy en money in a real estate deal they were led into. If tirely upon facts that exist now and are easily aster- they don't, they stand to lose all they've risked. tainable: the present web of political associations between Middle Eastern countries and the West, the + Page 10 The City Politic: Rocky and the Munchkins concentration of military might currently at Iran's By Richard Reeves command, the centrality of that country in. the world's present stockpile of fuel. Thus, everything Oro, Like it or not, Rocky is qualified to be vice-presi- in Mr. Erdman's personal projection could happen page 72 dent. But that's not the question. . -and is indeed,. ready to happen. Page 53 ' 4 Page 63 l: s Free in December What 't I Fall off the Mountain By Susan Parker By Shirley Maclaine Holiday freebies to ward off heebie-jeebies. - In an age filled with disaster, the demise of the ABC-TV- series called "Shirley's World" may belong fairly far down on the list. But for its star, Shirley nptl 1 ~(Q~l;1 11 Page 54 December A City Life-Guide MacLaine, it was heartbreaking enough: In this ex- if f~~`I! lli By Ruth Gilbert . cerpt .from her. forthcoming You Can Get There i1,! i From Nutcracker to Godfather II, from Ailey to Oz, From-Here (a continuation of her memoirs that. be ' , our monthly pull-out calendar selects some Decem- gan in Don t Fall off the Mountain), she tells about.. ". ber highlights. what happened when she became involved in TV- page 78 " x . land, what went wrong with the show, how she Page 93 reacted when the first ratings came in, and how nice. . o The Insatiable Critic- I Lost It at the Baths her acquaintances were not to talk about it. e By Gael Greene _ After tasting-the boiled grass (or its equivalent) at THE LIVELY ARTS a Swiss diet spa, Ms. Greene has discovered a French- 74 - P one that is run with a taste for the tasteful. ? _ . ?3 age Books: Rocky Times for Arlington By Eliot Fremont-Sntith wn Page 15._ In and Around Town From: all this moral outrage over Arlington Press Page 72: Best Bets, By Ellen Stock and its now-famous book about Arthur Goldberg, you'd think that the. idea of publishing a subsidized Page 92: New York Intelligencer work-were something new.?Aw, come off it! Page 76 .:_ page 85 Page York Classified age 100: Movies: Snap, Crackle, Pop By Judith Crist ~, .. - - - - Page 106: New York Real Estate Classified Mark Robson's Earthquake includes, among its many pleasures, the destruction of Los Angeles. Page 109: Sales & Bargains, By Sarah Harriman Page 80 f Page 110: Puzzle, By Richard Maltby Jr. Art: It's a Small World By Thomas B. Hess Page 112: London Sunday Times Crossword Tanguy . , . Mason ... Pistoletto: their work was not of masterpiece caliber, perhaps, but it still gives Cover: Hovercraft are coming in the oil war of 1976, people pleasure, as three new shows prove. page 93 by Julian Allen. The following are registered trade names, and the use of these names is strictly prohibited: The rt u Lodger, Best Bets, Best its, the ottom Line, The Capitol Letter. The City Politic. Cityscape, The Global Village, In and Around Tow n, New York Intejligencer, The Passionate Shopper, and The Urban Strategist. New York is published weekly (except for a combined issue the last tw o weeks in December) by the NYM Corporation, 755 Second Avenue, New York N.Y. 10017. Copyright C 1974 by the NY M Corporation. All rights reserved. Reproduction without permission is strictly prohibited. Tilton Glaser, Chairman; Clay S. Felker, President; Ruth A. Bower, Executive Vice-President; John C..Thomas Jr., Vice-President, Marketing; Kenneth Fadner. Vice-President, Finance; Thomas B. Morga n, Vice-President; Sheldon Zalaznick. Vice-President. Second-class postage paid at New York. N.Y., and at additional mailing offices. Editorial and Bus iness offices: 212 YU 6-4600. Postmaster: send form 3579 to New York, Box 2979, Boulder, Colorado 80302. Subscription rates in Continental U.S. only: one year $14; two years, $ 25. For subscription information, write Joseph Oliver, New York Magazine, Subscription Department, Box 2979, Boulder, Colorado 80302. Approved CPYRGHT Approved For Release 1999/09/02 : CIA-RDP79-01194 account of exactly what happened in 1976, although these days nobody seems to care, anymore. After all, sucl%thitlgs as gasoline, automobiles, airplanes( wars, the United States-they all belong to the past. And good riddance. We should let the past rest. This is typical of the attitude of the people who have survived here in Cali- fornia. All they are interested in is till- ing their fields, raisins their horses, -drinking their wine. They have forgot- ter; about the fate of most of the other people on this earth during the pass eight years.-. Well, I. am a historian of .a sort (when I'm not a farmer), and I -& not choose to forget. Because his- _tory tells me that it can occur again. All ir~Lvill take is the reappearance of yet another powerful madman in our midst. History also shows us that the dan- gerous ones are not difficult to identify: and we must listen to them. Then, after listening, we must act before they do. In this reg.-:d, I must admit that I am not terribiy optimistic. Because we al- ways seem to behave like naive fools. Until it is too late to act wisely. Many people read Klein Kampf in the 1930's. Yet almost all of them were surprised when Hitler set out to con- quer half the world and to kill off all the Jews-doing. in other words, exact- ly w'ha: he had already told everybody he was going to do. How can this be explained? The most likely answer is that at the beginning most people thought that Hitler was just some kind of nut, and not really to be taken seriously. In 1974 William Simon, the secretary of the treasury, spotted a new such nut on the horizon. The new crazy was His Imperial Majesty Mohammad Reza Pahlavi Aryamehr, sometimes known as the shahanshah of Iran. Specifically, Mr. Simon was quoted by Time as de- scribing the shah as "an irresponsible and reckless ... nut." Since Simon, at that time, was a cab- inet officer of the United States o of course promptly denied that he ~h d ever thought, much less said, any uch thing. Which was per- fectly un erstandable, because Mr. Simon, of rwise, might have had to go back to hi old job in New York selling bonds. Why w uld a cautious man like Bill Simon not say such a thing? Probably because h was one of the few men in high place in America who had been keeping u with the sayings of the sha- hanshah, f which there are many. One. of the mast telling was a statement made on. V television in early 1974: "I think," said Mohammad Reza Pah- lavi,. "that our country in the next ten years will be what you [the British] are today; and in the next 25 years, ac- cording t other people, Iran will be amongst t e five most prosperous coun- tries in t e world. When you become something like that, you start to act according . that is, on a world basis, wit out complexes, and under- standing t e geopolitics of the world." The sy ax was not too clear, but the message rtainly was. When dictators cast aside omplexes and start speculat- ing public y about the geopolitics of the world-I k out! The problem was that only a few, like Mr. Simon, took notice of the developing megalomania of that Middle Eastern potentate. Which, i retrospect, was a great pity. If more p ople had taken the shah seri- ously, we might well have been spared the War of 1976. Because, of course, the shah id not wait 25 or even five years to tact to "act accordingly." He was alrea y going full tilt with his war preparati ns in 1974. First, bought himself $1.1-billion worth of uclear reactors from France; not forte plutonium, but for the en- ergy, he said, which seemed a bit pecu- liar to so a observers at the time, since if there as anything that Iran defi- nitely di not need-holding, as it did, the fours -largest known oil reserves in the world it was more energy. Then, in a great a t of generosity, he lent Britain 00010046000195 RGHT nancially, and promised t at more would be available if the need-arose. And,' under the leadership of Harold Wilson, of course that need arose. With the result that Her Majesty' govern- ment in London suddenly fo nd itself in hock to His Majesty's g vernment in Teheran. England, the protector of the peace in the Middle East .for two centuries, now suddenly fou d itself a client state of Iran. Then the shahanshah boug t 25 per cent of that grand old company of the Ruhr, Fried. Krupp Hiitte work. It was only a matter of time before he took over complete control. Old Hitler buffs thought they had spot( d a. trend developing, but nobody Paid 'attention to them, even when the':s ah, in a further act of generosity, offe d to bail out a little company in the United States that made the type of toys hat Reza Pahlavi liked to play with-warplanes. It seemed that, next to the Pentagon, the shah was Grumman's largest cus- tomer. It further seemed that he was very worried about getting elivery of 80-odd F-14 interceptors on lime from Grumman. Becausehe needed them for the War of 1976. As it turned out, he got them right on schedule, plus 70 more Phantoms from McDonnell Douglas, a umber of which were equipped with nuclear bomb racks. Now he was in a positio to make the Persian Gulf an Iranian lake, and have the entire world at is mercy thereafter. But first he had t convince his big brother to the north, the Soviet Union, that all this was a gr at idea- and also attend to- a few other details. That's why he went to Switzerland. I On February 13, 1976, the shah of Iran arrived quietly in Zurich. As usual, he moved into the Dolder rand Ho- tel; it was close to the clinic where he had his annual medical checkup. His entourage was- not large: is young wife, Farah Diba, their children, her lady-in-waiting, his aide-de- amp, and Approved For Release. 1999/09/02 : CIA-RDP79-01 194A000100460001-5 Approved For Release 1999/09/02 : CIA-RDP79-01194A000100460001-5 the shah's twelfth consecutive winter visit to Switzerland. On February 18, apparently in good health, he and his family left by pri- vate ,jet for St. Moritz. Just before takeoff, two men, :who had arrived at Kloten airport from Teheran just an hour earlier, joined the flight. The shah was at the controls of the jet most of the way, but turned the plane over to the Swiss pilot before landing. The shah knew the small airport at Samedan: it was squeezed between the mountains behind Pontresina to the south and ,those of St. Moritz to the north, and averaged 1.6 fatal crashes a year. Most of the security men had gone on ahead the day before in three Mercedes 600's. All three were on the tarmac when the Lear's engines were turned off. About twenty minutes later, the shah's party moved through the gates leading onto the grounds of the Suvretta House on the eastern outskirts of St. Moritz. In this city, the nouveaux riches stayed. at the Palace; those who inherited wealth or title, or succeeded to both through marriage, stayed at the Suvretta. The shah, while still married to Soraya in the 1950's, had learned to love skiing in the Swiss Alps, and also to appreci- ate the setting of this particular Swiss hotel with its pine forests and the tower- ing Piz Nair beyond. But he especially enjoyed the solitude, beyond the rude stares of German tourists with knap- sacks full of leberwurst sandwiches and sauergurken. In 1968 or 1969, the shah had purchased, a villa on the grounds of the Suvretta. It made things, easier for the security men, and it added a further dimension of privacy. Yet it did not involve sacrificing the superb service. and cuisine offered by one of Europe's finest hostelries. The manager of the Suvretta, Herr R. F. Mueller, flanked by two assistants standing well to his rear, was waiting outside the main entrance to the hotel. The wel- come was brief. The window at the back of the first Mercedes was open not more than one minute while the pleasantries were exchanged. Then the convoy of three limousines moved on. Both the windows and the curtains on the windows at the rear of the sec . and limo. remained closed. The third car was wide open, much to the dis-, comfort of the shah's six bodyguards inside, who were not used to the air of the Engadin Valley in February, which hovered around the freezing. level even at noon. iuncn, a y i:ju were out on e small practice slope, about 75 meters from the villa. Herr Mueller had dis- creetly arranged that they have exclu- sive use of the tow lift for the after- noon. Two veteran ski guides were there to assist. A good dozen security men, half on skis, posted themselves along the slope. The children, of courser, protested the need for spending any warm-up time on what the Swiss -term an "idiot hill"; they preferred to move right up to the main slopes of the Piz Nair. But papa remained firm. At 3:30, as the temperature began to dip radical- ly and patches of ice started to appear, everyone returned to the lodge. They all had cheese fondue that evening. Thus ended a typical day in the life of His Imperial Majesty, the Shahan- shah of Iran-devoted husband, duti- ful father, sportsman. A day perfectly set against the background of tranquil, neutral, clean, moral Switzerland. It was, in fact, the perfect place to plan a war. Which was exactly what the two men who had remained so secluded in the back seat of the second limousine had been doing in the south wing of the shah's villa, while the Pahlavi family cavorted in the snow. They were Gen- eral Mohammed Khatami, head of Iran's air force, and Commander Fereydoun Shahandeh, the Iranian air-sea strike chief for the western part of the Per- sian Gulf. As military men are prone to do, one of their first acts upon set- tling into their St. Moritz billet had been to pin a huge-map to the wall. Its dimensions were illuminating, stretch- ing from India in the east to the Medi- terranean in the west; from the south- ern perimeters of Russia to the north to as far south as Yemen and the Sudan. . .. Both the general and the commander had the appearance of happy men. And why not? They controlled the biggest and best-trained army in the Middle East; the largest and most sophisticated air force; a flexible, modern navy. In addition, Iran possessed the world's most extensive operational mili- tary Hovercraft fleet (British-built SR.N- 6's and BH.7's), and an awesome arsenal of missiles, ranging from the U.S.-built Hawks to the British Rapier to the Frgnch Crotale, but its most, danger- ous weapon was;.of course, the Ameri- can Phoenix stand-off missile-the laser- guided smart bomb. To man all this equipment, Iran had an army of 460,- 000 men (including reserves), reputed to be the most efficient fighting force in the Middle East (with the exception The shah and his family had a brief CPYRGHT frig provided by over 1,000 American military personnel who-were sent to Iran in the early 1970's for that pur- pose. (The total military hardware that was at Iran's disposrl is shown.in the inventory list on this page.) All the Iranians lacked was a nuclear capability. And they would even have that, provided the shah pulled off his final deal in St. Moritz. The penultimate one had to be with the Russians. That was scheduled for the following day. Around 10 A.M. on the morning of February 19, 1976, another limousine came through the Maloja Pass, which connects the Italian-speaking part of Switzerland, Ticino, with the Engadin Valley in the Grisons. This time it was a Fiat, the driver an Italian;' and the two passengers Russiansthe,'minister of defense of the Soviet Union, Marshal Andrei Grechko, and his interpreter. The trip had originated in Turin, where Grechko had been spending the week as the guest of Fiat. The Russians knew that the huge truck plant which Fiat built in Togliattigrad in the early 1970's was also eminently suitable for manufacturing. such items as tanks, armored. personnel carriers, even air- craft frames in a pinch. It required only .a conversion job costing around a bil- lion dollars, and a contractor that had the know-how and the spare engineer- ing capacity. Fiat had both, thanks to the fact that for decades it had' been one of the major suppliers of arms to NATO, and the further fact that as a result of Italy's disastrous economic sit- uation, half of Fiat's capacity lay idle. So Fiat had tendered a bid that at best would cover - its overhead. The Rus- sians knew this, and Grechko had been fully prepared to sign the deal the very first day in Turin. But Russians never sign anything the first day. So the five- day visit, This Thursday had been scheduled as Grechko's day off, a day to be spent privately, enjoying the unique beauty of the Alps in winter. At 11:15 the Fiat entered the grounds of the Suvretta House. and headed di- rectly for the shah's villa. The two Rus- sians had barely emerged from the car when General Khatami and Commander Fereydoun Shahandeh appeared. Four handshakes, a dozen words, and they disappeared inside. The shah was standing in front of the fireplace in the library when they entered. He extended a hand to each Russian, and indicated that they would be seated on the sofa behind a massive wooden coffee table. He himself chose an armchair on the opposite side. The Approved For Release 1999/09/02 : CIA-RDP79-01194A000100460001-5 CPYRGHT Approved For Release 1999/09/02 : CIA-RDP79-01194A000100460069?YvRHT two Iranian military men remained standing to the shah's rear. . "We shall speak English," were his first words. Marshal Grechko nodded his agreement. so the shahanshah con- tin~t ed. "I do appreciate your agreeing to this rather unusual arrangement. You `understand that itwould have been impossible for me to come to Moscow, and very awkward to receive you in Teheran." "We fully understand, Your Majes- ty," replied Grechko through his in- terpreter, and both nodded their heads slightly as the words were being re- peated. Russians are as much in awe of royalty as are Americans. "The subject I wish to discuss is Iraq. It is not the first time that that country has come up in our talks over the years." Silence from the sofa. "You are, of course, aware that Iraq has attacked Iran at least a dozen times during the past five years. It is pre- paring to attack again, this time on. a massive scale." Still silence. - "We further believe that the Ameri- cans will use this military conflict as an excuse for intervention, in order-as they so nicely put it=--to 'stabilize' the Middle East." "How?" asked Grechko through his translator. "There are 12,000 American military 'advisers' in Saudi Arabia. For years they have been trying to convince Faisal that Iran, not the United States, is the real enemy of the Arab people. And what better proof than a major Iranian-Iraqi armed conflict? Now to answer your question: the Saudi/Amer- ican armed forces would move immedi. ately to 'secure their northern flank.' Which means their occupation of the entire western coast of the Persian Gulf, up to and including Kuwait. But, all this can be prevented." "How?" repeated Grechko. "Very simply, though at great sacri- fice to my country. Iran would make a preemptive strike. Not just against Iraq. We would simultaneously neutralize Kuwait, Bahrain, Qatar, Abu Dhabi. Dubai, as well as the northern tip of Oman. We will have the entire Persian Gulf-both sides-in our hands before the Americans even find out. After that they, and the:r friends the Saudis, will be finished in the Middle East." The shah paused, and then added six fur- ther words:. "provided your country does not intervene." "We could not stand idly by," said Grechko immediately. "Iraq is our friend." "But so is Iran. And it is I, only 1, who can stop the Americans from gain- ing contr0AWP6&8 For Relea: Iran's Military Inventory, 19 Combat Aircraft Type F-14 Variable-geometry high-speed interceptor. World's most advanced combat aircraft. Supplied by U.S.A.. (Grumman). 8tf F-4 The Phantom (McDonnell Douglas) is, next to the F-14, the U.S.A.'s best missile-armed aircraft, with nuclear capability as a long-range, all-weather fighter-bomber. _ "1170 - F-5. Supplied by Northrop. A highly maneuverable fighter aircraft, carrying highly sophisticated elec- . tronic equipment. Ordnance capability: 3.5 tons. 221 RT-33 Another. American product. Used for tactical Helicopters UH-1H214A Carries 16 armed personnel; cruise speed, 150 m.p.h.; gross weight, 13,000 pounds. Very success- ful as attack helicopter in Vietnam. AH-I J The "Sea Cobra," which started to come off American assembly lines in 1974, is noted as "the world's only fully integrated helicopter gun- ship with a stabilized multisensor fire-control system for day and night delivery of weapons." The U.S. Army will not have any until 1978. Other Including AB-206A's, CH-47C's, AB-212's, Huskies, and Whirlwinds. TOTAL Tanks M-47 American workhorse-type tank, with a reputation for mechanical reliability and good mobility. Has 90-mm gun, speed, of 35 m.p.h. M-60 The main battle tank of the U.S. Army, with 105-mm high-velocity gun; speed of 30 m.p.h. It can cross water up to 13 feet in depth, has night- vision equipment. Chieftain World's most modern battle tank, supplied by Great Britain. Has an - exceptionally accurate 120-mm gun which can hit and destroy any tank within 2,000"meters. Speed, 30 m.p.h.; night vision 250 (est.) 739. 460 equipped; With.snorkel, can wade'up to 16 feet. 800 TOTAL' Armored Personnel Carriers BTR-60 Soviet-built. Carries 13 infantrymen. Speed, 50 .m.p.h. Has a 14.5-mm heavy machine gun and a 7.62-mm machine gun, turret mounted. Equipped with rocket launchers (including antitank). BTR-50 Soviet-built light amphibious tank. Carries 15 men plus 4 machine guns of 14.5, 12.7, or 7.62- mm caliber. M-113 U.S.-built standard current U.S. Army armored personnel carrier. Carries 13 men, has .50-caliber machine guns. Variants include mountings for 1,000 Type Air' Force has been on alert since last Characteristics Number Wednesday. The army reserves were ll h f Naval Vessels Aircraft . Kitty Hawk and Constellation, on lease from the Caariers" United States. Both are 1,062 meters long, can . carry 80-90 Phantom fighter-bombers. Destroyers Two are of the Spruance class, supplied by Litton Industries, Pascagula, Mississippi. World's most sophisticated attack ship, with helicopter, missile, and antisubmarine capability. Frigates Corvettes 4 Patrol Boats 14 Minesweepers 4 Other Including landing craft, inshore minesweepers, etc. 6 TOTAL "There are other reasons," continued the shahanshah. "For example, wou:d it be in your interest if we' were forced to suspend shipments of natural gas to your country, especially now that the second pipeline is in operation?" "Why should you have to do that? We have very firm agreements!" Grech- ko was getting angry. "Because," replied the shah, calmly, "if we allow Iraq to attack, its first target on Iranian soil will be Abadan. The refinery complex there is the larg- est in the world, and Iran's prime source of energy. It's within artillery range of Iraq. But our gas fields are beyond Iraq's reach. I think it should be obvious that after Abadan is de- stroyed, we will have to immediately stop all exports of gas. We will des- perately require every cubic foot for domestic consumption." The shah raised both hands in a gesture of impatience. "But why should I dwell on circum- stances which need not ever develop? With the agreement of your govern- ment, I can prevent such a catastrophe. Then not only will you have your gas, but much more. I will be prepared to enter ? into a five-year agreement on shipments of crude oil to the Soviet Union-at a fixed price. Ten dollars a barrel. Up to half a billion barrels a year." "It is too dangerous," said Grechko. "I. am also in a position to lend you an F-14. Or two, if you need them." Now Grechko's eyes flickered. The American F-14 was the only aircraft superior to the MiG-25, and both planes were planned as the top-performance interceptors of their respective countries "How soon do you need an answer?" "Within three days." "And if it is negative?" "Then you had better find your own way of coping with the Americans." The shahanshah rose. The audience was over. But Grechko, though also rising, persisted. "How do you know the Iraqis are about to attack?" The shah's hand motioned to General Khatami. Out of his briefcase came two aerial photographs, compliments of a camera built by Kodak, as mounted in an aircraft built by McDonnell Douglas -a total package for which the shah had paid $15 million in 1974. "This," said Khatami, taking the first photograph and pointing at the river forming the border between Iraq and Iran where the two countries meet at the northern tip of the Persian Gulf, "is the Shatt al-Arab River.. Note the incredible concentration of artillery dis- placements and missile launching sites here, opposite Abadan, and there,.vis-a- vis Khorramshahr." Khatami presented his second photo. "Now this is th,. territory immediately to the north-the narrow plain between the Tigris and the Iranian border. You can quite clearly see the armor. Here, ready to move on Ahvaz. There, poised at Dezful. The. idea, obviously, is to sweep east and then south to secure Abadan and its surrounding oil fields." He put the photographs aside. "All in all we have counted about 1,700 tanks in that corridor east of the Tigris -800 T-55's, 450 ,M-60's, and around 500 BTR-152's. They represent 90 per cent of the total tank force Iraq pos- sesses. This type of concentration has never occurred before. At least half of recalled last Monday. A t is is, o course, quite easy for you to verify." The marshal spoke: "I shall be leaving Italy fur Moscow tomorrow afternoon. You will hear from us im- mediately thereafter." Grechko bowed, turned, and left. Minutes later the shah walked out of the chalet with his wife and children, It was a perfect day for skiing. II The French began arrivingat nine the following morning, in black Citroens, of course. The first group was from the Dassault-Breguet Aviation Company, the largest French aircraft producer. The subject under discussion: the Mi- rage F 1's. In fact, 120 of them. In addi- tion to the aircraft, the package Dassault hoped to sell included 1,500 Matra R.530 missiles (some with radar, and others with infrared homing heads), as well as 500 of the new French laser- guided stand-off weapon (its character- istics being very similar to the-Ameri- can Phoenix), which tested out with a better than 95 per cent hit rate even on targets as small as single armored vehi- cles, or parked aircraft. If accepted, this deal would have major long-term consequences for France. It, not the United States or Russia, would become the chief supplier of arms to the biggest single customer for weapons that had ever existed-the shahanshah. The French asking price for this initial package was $5.1 billion. They pro- posed that 50 per cent be paid on sign- ing, the other half on delivery. The shah, in the preliminary discussion ear- lier that year, had indicated he would prefer another mode of payment. For the shah was very cash-flow-conscious (his cash was earning him 15 per cent per annum at Chase Manhattan in Lon- don). He preferred to pay in kind. .And kind, in Iran, means crude oil. This was the reason for.the second delegation, which arrived at a little past ten, only minutes after the Dassault presentation, flip charts and all, had been completed. The second group was typical of French negotiation teams in that it included a mix of both private and governmental interests-in this case, the heads of the Commissariat au Plan, the French National Energy Office, the Compagnie Nationale Francaise de Pe- trole, and Gaz de France. The deal being offered them? Seven billion barrels of Iranian crude, over seven years, at a base price of $11.50 a barrel, to rise at the rate onl of 5 6 er cent er y . p p in the 1980's. That Grechko under- the Iraqi forces have always been kept stood. Let the back in, the Krem- in the north, to contain and destroy annum for the he length of the contract. people No s t offer to the Rus- Iin calctApp rO do O* Release 1 9t9911fl91O2urtOIAQR[ R79iO119i4A00O1g APAr1 n n didn't know that. Approved For Release 1999/09/02 : CIA-RDP79-01194A00010046000MRGHT The second stag of the French-Iran- Ian conference was brief. The French accepted, without reservation, the shah's proposal. They were prepared to sign on the spor. But the shah was not. All depended on the outcome of yet a further meeting. But he merely, told both the oil and arms men that his final de- cision would be. given the following Monday. It would be communicated to them by his ambassador in Paris. They could now leave. So they left. It was only after the grounds of the' Suvretta had been completely cleared of black Citroens that the final delega- tion arrived. They came in an Alouette military helicopter provided courtesy of the Swiss government,. which had also guaranteed the complete secrecy of the operation. This final meeting involved only five men: the shah, his two military advis- ers, the personal delegate of Premier Giscard d'Estaing, and the chief of staff of the French military forces. The shah wasted no time in making his pro- posal, which, he said, required only a otri or a non. .He wanted to borrow a half-dozen atomic bombs from France. He would return them on December 31, 1976. "Why this particular date?" asked Giscard's right-hand man. "Because by then we will have built some of our own," replied the king of kings. The problem was that he, the sha- hanshab, was under dire. threat of-nu- clear blackmail right now, in February of 1916, and he could hardly counter such a threat with bombs. that he would not have until the end of the year. Thus the need for this short-term loan. Were there any possible circumstances under which the French bombs might be used? Of course not! You could not fight and win a nuclear war with only six bombs! He needed them only to be able to "honestly" counter a probable Iraqi- Soviet nuclear bluff. If he could not, the chances were very high indeed that Iran would become yet another satel- lite within the Soviet orbit. Such was obviously not in France's interest, espe- cially now when Iran was about to develop into France's largest single ex- port market on the one hand, while guaranteeing France's future petroleum supply on the ot!-.~.r. N'est-ce pas? The two Frenchmen demurred from offering any opinion whatsoever. But they did guarantee that the shah's thoughts would be communicated to Paris forthwith. This time it was the shah's guests who rose first. You must grant the French at least one thing: they understand upmanship. So by noon of that Friday, February 20, the shah was once again alone with his generals. But by.this point he had had enough of them. He'd also had enough of skiing. So he dismissed his military aides, ignored his family, strolled out of the chalet, and disap- peared into the north wing of the Suvretta House. He always reserved 40 rooms there during his sojourns in St. Moritz for his entourage-security men, communi- cations people,. hangers-on. It also served, rumor had it, as the shah's in- door-winter-sports center. More specifi- cally, it was suggested that the shah had an ongoing penchant for dark- haired German girls, along Soraya lines, and that he maintained a fairly sizable stable of such in the north wing. And why not? The Old Testament is full of emperors and kings who did the same thing: Solomon, David, Ahasue- rus, to name but a few. And the shah was a great believer in tradition-in the obligation of tradition. Thus it was that the shah only emerged once again into the daylight around 2 P.m. that Sunday. He returned to the chalet just in time to receive two messages: a da from Moscow, a oui from Paris. Now he could return to Teheran and start his war. III The Two-Day War began at 6:30 A.M. on Sunday, February 29, 1976. The shah's astrologer had approved of this 'date, and his court historians had concurred. No ruler, to their kaowl .edge, had ever chosen an intercal.ary day to begin a war. And it was the re- establishment of an empire-the ancient Sassanid Empire-that was at stake. The. king of kings was 56, and before he died he intended that the glory. of ancient Persia be restored. His first move was right out of the Israeli book: 100 Phantoms, equipped with their Phoenix stand-off missiles, made low-level dawn raids on all eight major Iraqi military bases. Iraq at this time had 30 MiG-23's, 90 MiG-21's, 30 MIiG-17's, and 36 did British-made Hunters. All but 33 of these aircraft were destroyed on the ground before the sun was up, thanks to the remark- able accuracy of the Phoenixes and to the skill of the' Iranian pilots, all of 1,hom had been schooled by the United States Air Force. The second air strike was directed at Umm Qasr, the port city just off the Iraqi-Kuwait border, where the Russians had built a naval base for the Iraqis, designed to guard the mouth of the Shatt al-Arab River. One hun- dred and twPnry Nnrr},rrir, F_av, 1e.0?l.,a CPYRGHT the place within an hour. By ,:30 A.M. battalion after battalion o Iranian troops were being landed by helicopter. It was a walkover. The third.strike, in which both Phan- toms and F-S's were employe , was the most massive of all. It was d rected at the artillery and missile sites just across the. Shatt al-Arab from Ab dan and Khorramshahr. A great deal of napalm was used-with devastating effect. The Iranian Air Force had proved itself the most efficient in the entire Middle East, exceeding even the Israeli performance of a few years back in terms of turnaround time and opera- tional techniques. The key tactical move, however, first began around 9 A.M. after all three air-strike operations had pr ved suc- cessful. Military historians today refer to it as "the Shatt al-Arab end run." It was conceived and implemented by Commander Fereydoun Shah ndeh as the first major military offensive based primarily upon the use of Hovercraft. The idea was tailor-made for he geog- raphy of the area. Remember all those Iraqi tanks in the corridor bet een the Tigris River and the Iranian border? Well, behind them-to the west-were the swamps of the Tigris-Euphrates delta, impassable terrain from the mili- tary standpoint. Impassable, that is, for every military vehicle own to man except the Hovercraf , which could move on top of its air cushion across anything that was reasonably flat-water, swamp, or beach and at a sped of 40 m.p.h., fully loaded. These remarkable machines (all butt for the shah in Britain, the world's leader in .Hovercraft technology) could move an entire armored battalion: in t eir cav- ernous bowels were tanks (C ieftains, also British-built) and armored person- nel carriers (BTR-50's and BT -60's, of Soviet origin) plus a full complement of military personnel in the wing and on the upper decks. They had a range of 150 miles. But they could not move until the naval base at Umm Qasr ad been put out of action, and until he Iraqi fire power on the west ban of the Shatt al-Arab-the gateway to the Tigris-Euphrates delta-had Seen elimi- nated. By 9 A.M. it was. Immediately, the beaches on the Persian Gulf to the east of Abadan were filled with the howl of Hovercraft engines, a the air pressure was raised within the skirts beneath the vehicles. By 9:1 all 45 craft were under way. As these gro- tesque weapons of war moved - around the corner, and up the Shatt al-Arab channel, the scene resembled a Martian invasion. Only two hours later, they began Approved For Release 1999/09/02 : CIA-RDP79-01194A000100460001-5 CPYRGHT to the rear of the Iraqi forces. At the c lent state o fhe entagon's. at the islands of -same time the main body of Iranian was good for the shah was therefore Abu Musa and Greater and Lesser panzers, which had been grouped be- good for America. Tanb, they had very little left to do. tween Dezful and Ahvaz, began a fron. James Schlesinger endorsed this state- In Oman no invasion was necessary. tel assault from the east. It was nothing men- "without any reservations what Starting in 1972, the shah had gener- less .than a massacre. Already by early soever." It was totally consistent with ously provided the Omani government afteioon the vast majority of the Iraqi American policy as initiated by John- with military assistance to help it coun- forces chose surrender. son in 1968, and continued-by the Nix- ter the Dhofar rebels in the strategic on and Ford administrations ever since.. northern tip of Oman, situated between Kissinger, biting his fingernails more the Persian Gulf and the Gulf of Oman. Meanwhile, back in Washington, than usual, remained silent. Simon also By 1976, Iran had 2,000 paratroopers Secretary of Defense Schlesinger and said nothing, but seemed to have an "I and 60 helicopters in that region. In his chairman of the Joint Chiefs of told you so" look on his 'face. Only addition, the majority of the Omani Staff, General Brown, were having Rockefeller dissented: "I don't like this army there were Baluchis, recruited for drinks at a cocktail party, in Chevy one damn bit." (Was Standard Oil tell- . the most part from southern Iran. The Chase, being thrown by Senator Stennis ing Rockv more than it was telling the paratroopers and Baluchis simply got of Mississippi in honor of himself. Pentagon?) together and ran up the Iranian flag. The first hint that something was At this juncture, Henry, of course, While all this was happening on the going on started coming in around 8 began to tilt in the direction of Rocke- ground, a major redeployment of Iran- P.M. Eastern Standard Time, on this feller. "Nor do I," he stated, firmly, ian air and sea forces was taking place. 29th of February. The word came from Then the president's phone rang. Ap- It involved' a massive shift of equip. the Aramco communications center in parently some new action had started ment to the new naval/air bases at Riyadh, was sent to the Standard Oil on the gulf. The C.I.A. would have a Bandar Abbas (guarding the mouth of people in New York, and then relayed full report later. Jerry. Ford actually- the Persian Gulf from the west coast to the Pentagon. Since it was a week- looked relieved after he hung up'.He of Iran) and especially to Chah Bahar end, they sat on it there for a while, had hardly wanted to take ,ides'against on the Iranian coast, just west of the and then' some colonel decided that his friends in the Pentagon; but%he also Pakistani border. Chah Bahar was by he'd better cover his back just in case. could not afford to buck Rockefeller- far the largest military base anywhere So Schlesinger was alerted by tele- Kissinger. So he said: "Gentlemen, we in the Indian Ocean. It was phone out at Chevy Chase. need a lot more information about the American contractors in early "Goddamned Iraqis," was Schlesin- situation over there before we can de- 1970's, at a cost of $1 billion. tide. anything. Let's meet again first By nightfall of March 1, 1976, Iran ger's comment to Brown after hanging thing tomorrQw morning. In the mean- controlled the entire Persian Gulf. The up, "they've attacked Iran again. But time, I want all of you to get every- Two Day War. was over. Now Iran's this time in real style, apparently." thing you can on what's going on." forces were poised around. the mouth Brown did not trust either the de- of the Gulf in anticipation of a chal- fense secretary or Standard Oil, so he Q lenge from the United States. immediately arranged for an aerial re- Actually, quite a bit was going on. When the six men reconvened in the Schlesinger sweep the region. At 6 A:M.. on March 1, Middle Eastern White House early on March 2, it was Schleger thought he'd better call time (which was eight time zones ahead Bill Simon who pointed out the enor- Henry. Nancy answered the phone and of Washington) , the Iranian takeover mous gravity of the situation. The said Henry was at the office. So of Kuwait, Bahrain, Qatar, Abu Dhabi, shah, he said, now controlled all the Schlesinger called the State Department. Dubai, and Oman began. oil in the Middle East, except for that "You have a problem, James?" It. The Kuwaiti operation was simple. of Saudi Arabia. And there was little was pronounced "Chames." The Iranian forces, which now com- doubt in his mind that the shah could "Yes, Henry. Apparently Iraq has at- pletely controlled the entire southeast- now grab the Ghawani oil fields (from tacked Iran. And this time the shah is ern corner of Iraq, simply turned south. which Saudi Arabia got 90 per cent of shooting back." By noon Kuwait's 3,000-man army its crude-oil output). "We have nothing on this at State." surrendered. The next place to go was "Okay," said Ford, "how do we -"It. does not surprise me." Bahrain. For years, the large and pow- respond, General Brown?" Henry did not think. that deserved erful Iranian minority in Bahrain had General Brown frowned. "Sir, what comment. "When will you have more?" been demanding Anschluss with the exactly did you have in mind?" Kissinger asked. mother country0On this March 1, the "The marines, the navy. I don't care. "Within the hour." local Iranians-who in the meantime I just want the shah to.pull back. All At the end of that hour, Schlesinger had been molded together in a well- the way. And right away." and Brown were on their way to the organized and superbly armed para- "Uh, that's going to be 'a bit difficult. White House. Henry, William Simon, military force-took the country over. I mean, doing it right away." and Nelson Rockefeller were in the No more than 100 shots were fired. "What do you mean?" Oval Office with the president when The takeover of Qatar, Abu Dhabi, "Well actually, sir, we've got nothing they arrived. All were drinking hour- and Dubai involved a combination of in that area. Our closest strike force bon and branch water, so Schlesinger betrayal from within and invasion from would be the Sixth Fleet, I guess. But and Brown also drank bourbon. the sea. In all three sheikdoms there that's in the Mediterranean, of course. Mr. Ford asked the chairman of the were lang.- numbers of Iranian immi- And the Seventh Fleet's off Formosa Joint Chiefs of Staff to brief the group. grants who had brought with them the right now. If we moved either one, it Brown told of the air strikes skill_ and work ethic necessary for the would be about a week before we'd be Baghdad, of the destruction n of around ready to hit the Gulf. But even then Soviet-built naval base at Umm Qasr, building of a modern economy-attri- y butes which the local Arab population I'm not sure we would want to do it." and of the Shaft al-Arab end run. He "Why not, for Christ's sake?" lacked. These immigrants, who had y did not consider these developments "Well, the shah has an enormous unfavorable for the United States. been organized along Bahrainian lines, o u d the strategic militar+ points amount of fire power ready to go against Quite the c se 1aQg/Qti2 inCtlffl-R?11 ;9 1r94A@?( b?4600?4 carriers cruising CPYRGHT Approved For Release 1999/09/02 : CIA-RDP79-01194A000100460001-5 area through nuclear ac mai . For- the Constellation. They've each got 90 tunately Iran possesses a quite ade- Phantoms on board. Then there's Char quate nuclear capability, thanks to the Bahar proper. He's got 80 F-14's there help of his two best friends: the French, -=more than we have in all of Europe. who helped him get the bombs, and And take those missile sites on Abu America, which has provided him such Musa. Assuming we could get into the efficient delivery systems. He sends his Guff, I'm not sure we'd get past them." best regards to you, Mr. President." "You mean to tell me that we, the "He'd never use them against us even United States of America, cannot take if he really had them," stated Schlesin- on Ford. the shah militarily?" thundered ger. "What do you think, Henry?" asked "Well, we could. But our casualty Ford. rate would be astronomic. And then "I don't know him well enough. But there's something else to think about. I do know somebody who does." In order to pet the shah back out of "Who?" of landing on the scale of Normandy in the Gulf, we'd have to mobilize a type "Bill Rogers. Right after he resigned World W II. With the exception as secretary of state, he went to work War that our supply lines would not be fif- for the Pahlavi Foundation." "Call him." teen miles across the English Channel but about 5,000 miles, from Western g So Henry did. Rogers's answer was slow to come, prudently worded, but Europe. I'm not sure that course of quite clear: the shah probably had nu- action is to be recommended. " clear weapons, and if he was threat- "What course of action is?" by B-52's and the Sixth. Fleet, he'd probabl have to go nuclear." "We'd y a use them as a last resort. There was a One of the resident's aides enter p ed carefully couched suggestion that an e? Oval Office at this point, aid Kissin element of irrationality in the shah's handed a "I , A Henry g character should not be ignored. note. t s rdeshir Zahedi," said Kissin- ger. When Henry had finished, somebody " muttered: "We should have given that Who?" asked Ford. bastard the Allende treatment years Iranian ambassador. He wan to talk to me." "The is ago." But nobody heard it. Three hours later a message was on the phone?" "On the way to the shahanshah of Iran "Yes ." from the president of the United States. " from the president of the United States. "Well, talk to him." It expressed the hope that Iran and Henry left the room. While he was America would work as partners to- gone, General Brown ex p that p , in ward peace in the Middle East in the his judgment, it would be best to us B use future, as they had in the past. -52's from Guam for the "ob. The Europeans would job. next day the shah issued a state- state- if any nuclear attaget upset, he ck force based on ment. In it he explained that the libera- h tion of his fellow Moslems on the t etr territory was used to bluff the hah Persian Gulf had involved tremendous s ; Of course, he went on to explain, the threat of such weaponry would not financial sacrifices. The Iranian people ty had a right to just compensation. He. b any means preclude the necessity of y went on to state that it was his inten- occupying the Gulf with American tion not only to reconstruct the war- troops. Which would require a major ravaged areas, but to make them mod naval operation, and, as he had already 0 tad out d b els of the advanced civilization that porn, considerable risk. On the other hand, Iran offered the world. since the shah had no This would all cost money. There- .means of nuclear retaliation. no doubt fore, as of March 3, 1976, the price of would just give up the moment the he Persian Gulf oil would double. appeared over Iran. The 's - That did it. ' Henry ca= b.ack in, looking a bit pale.. 4 Within two months Italy and Britain "Our were bankrupt. The dollar had col- Iranian friend called just to lapsed, +m the lapsed, along with a few thousand pass along a little message fro banks. Wall Street lay in ruins. And shah. He wants to assure us that he semains-a staunch friend of the United these were only the first dominoes to States d fall. The Crash of '76 was inevitably , and can now insure stability in followed by the Revolution of 1977 the Middle East, , an objective which, he says, our two nations have been the Famine of 1978, the Collapse of jointly pursuing during the past decade. He Society in 1979 ..'. and ultimately, the End of the Industrial Era. added a P.S.," continued Kissin er. "He g Todav, in 1984, most survivors say to calm any fears we might have wants g that it has all been for the good. At concerning a possible attempt by the S t Union least the ones here in California who ovte to take advanta e of th g e freezing to death. I'm not sure. Some- times I like to stop and think back on the old world-but, rig t now, the cows need milking. - situation by trgi ` RAtP I IPacP AAATA 9n o : i?_ 2 } i1'i'I AdAnnn'I nndRnnn'I -5