The first true book about Cosmos and Man        Content.      1. The origin and structure  of the cosmos.   2. Soul. Mechanisms of evolution. What awaits us after death.   3. The nature of emotions.   4. Black and White, as the basis for understanding this world and all living creatures.   5. Natural laws.   6. About me. Where I studied.   7. Children and parents. Who we give birth to and who gives birth to us.   8. What is Zion. Who control the planet. Myths about Reptiloids.   9. Individual soul development.   10. The origin of humanity, the roots of all race and their role in the world.   11. Dead civilizations of the Earth.   12.The real truth about the  World War 2.   13. The influence of magic rituals on the life, energy and sense of the people.   14. Opening of extrasensory abilities.   15. The creaturs of the astral world.   16. Methods of astral battle.      17. The magic of the word.   18. Funeral rite and caring for the soul of the deceased.   19. Who are the gods. Analysis of all world religions.   20. Who is God Shiva.   21. Yoga for white soul.   22. Paganism and its gods.    23. About world.   24. Nutrition systems, dietology, healing.   25. Instructions for individual development for white souls.   26. What punishment awaits fools and lazy people.   27. My contacts.    * Just in case, I sorry if my English is not very correct and I made mistakes in the text, I learned English myself. I'm from Russia 1.The origin and structure  of the cosmos.      I describe what I saw and felt thanks to my extrasensory abilities. Structure  of the cosmos. Imagine the ball.   In the first outer layer there is absolutely nothing ,there disappears energy, it is emptiness beyond which there is nothing.   The second layer is something cold as death, in my senses, it is static and in harmony.   The third layer is dark chaos, where energy is  moving at a mad speed, it's dangerous to touch it, because this space starts to destroy you.   The fourth inner, this is the Cosmos in which we live, here there is the Spirit and Mind, here the ordered energy and life.Our cosmos, like us, consists of layers according to the principle of bodies, that is, in the center we have a physical body, then comes a less dense etheric, astral, mental, buddhi body and Samadhi bodies. We exist in the densest layer of the cosmos in physical body, because around us the physical world and we have a physical body, but if we go further into space, then there will be no stars, planets of solid matter, there creaturs, planets and stars live on a  energy level and don't have a physical body, their lives are just as rich, just it's  a few different forms of life.     Cosmos consists of areas of the differend energies. This energies was formed when the great Spirit and Reason awakened. This  energies  are the basic energies of this world and human emotions (hatred, contempt, fear, love, envy, joy , fire, water and many other varieties), I have not yet studied all the Areas and all energies. Spirit and mind woke up like this: In the cold static Nothing created tension,  the mind and spirit wanted to wake up and the energies began to move and counter-clockwise, thus there appeared the Raja (active, aggressive, predatory, male) gunas and Tamas (passive, feminine), their fusion in the proportion of the golden ratio, formed the guna  Sattva.The merging of Rajas, Tamas and Sattva in a certain proportion awakened the Spirit, Reason, Cosmos. Further in this Cosmos, as a result of mixing guna in different ratios appear different   energies . This  energies - the result of the harmonious fusion of these gunas in some proportion, there   energies with white energy (Herbivores )rotate counter-clockwise, there are black (predatory) - clockwise,  energies  formed Areas in the Cosmos. Reasonable creatures divided into the original cosmic Clans, which are divided into many clans , depending on the level of development of its members, the functions and tasks performed. As many Areas of  differend energies and so many clans. If the  energy  is black -predatory, then the clan inhabiting its space is also predatory, because the souls of the members of this clan originated in the space of this predatory energy. You can see the born of energies  and mind in miniature, take an empty space in front of you and twist energy in different directions, mix them with each other and see what happens. Should obtain in result a reasonable entities ,  energies with different qualities.    * The energies have  their own set of  qualities, their space they occupy in the Universe. We live in the space of the energy  which is located in the chest near the spine.      All natural objects created by natural means (minerals, plants, animals, planets, stars, elements (water, fire ...) have  intellect and soul, because around and inside us is the Great Spirit and Mind and from it everything is born. Accordingly, any newborn bacterium has a mind. Each of us was once a mineral, a plant, an animal, now the soul has grown to the level of a human, and has the ability to grow to the level of God. Gods be in different levels, the highest-level of the Creators, Demiurges. There are souls of the level of animals and the level of Gods live in human bodies, they have different levels of perception,  thinking and tasks in life.    White souls are herbivores, they feed on natural energy. Black souls is a predator, they hunt for someone else's energy and souls.      It is important to learn to see and communicate with the great Spirit - the Mind that is everywhere, to welcome it, for this you must be able to enter into a thin layer of Samadhi this reality, at the soul level, the Spirit is something beautiful, rational and perfect. The Cosmos is arranged as a human, it has a top and bottom,  head and limbs.  Areas of First-borns energies are located in the Cosmos  like in man, for example, such feelings (first-born energy) as love and hatred are in the person around the chest and neck, so Areas of this First-born  energies are near. There are Areas located in the region of the third eye and the uppermost chakra.The beings born there perform the role of brain cells in the Cosmos, they are embodied in other Areas and teach people living there  the  World order. The most powerful, intelligent and strong people and gods living in the Areas of the head  region of the Cosmos, they can influence the development of other peoples and worlds. * image of a space device https://m.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=148090905790517&id=100017688253525&set=rpd.100017688253525&source=49&ref=bookmarks 2. Soul. Mechanisms of evolution. What awaits us after death.      A human consists of a physical body, an etheric body , astral body (body of emotions and energy), the mental body (thoughts and images),  they are destroyed after death. Buddhi body (in It accumulates the experience of incarnations, our abilities, different programs), Samadhi bodies 1,2,3 (this is a connection with the cosmos and our family cosmos clan, from the area where our soul was born). Buddhi and the body of Samadhi, this is the soul.        Human have a lot of astral twins, his own first from birth, during his lifetime he is given twins from egregores and astral communities. After death, if everything is good, the soul must go into his cosmic clan, if it has not done anything bad and  not stuck in the lower astral worlds. The astral twin of a human remains in the earth family clan in the astral field of the earth, so you can know all your ancestors, if contact with family members on astral.       3. The nature of emotions.   Emotions are the first-borns energies  of which our subtle bodies are composed, so if the first-borns energies form Areas in Space, then there are such Areas with the energy of pity, fear, envy, but this  energies are not so bad in pure form.The souls born in these Areas are based on  first-born energies of this place . It is important to know from where your soul has come , from what Area with what first-born energy, black or white, who are you ,predator  or herbivorous, to get contact with your   main god of your cosmic clan and native race, the race of humanoids from where your soul flew. Say : i ( name) greeting my patron from my first cosmic clan,   In the true meaning of these words.  Anthropoid white people, Reptiloids, something like big   sensible Cats, some of them are similar to demons,  space is very diverse.When you see the souls , then you learn to distinguish who from where. 4.Black and White, as the basis for understanding this world and all living creatures.   (Black and white is a symbol, it is not meant black and white color, does not mean good and bad)      The world of people and gods is a reflection of the animal kingdom, the predator eats a herbivore and lives  of it.There are white souls they do not tie anyone to themselves, they receive energy from nature where they live, if they live in Areas of white first- borns energies , black predatory souls live оn someone else's energy , they can also receive it from cosmic objects and Space Areas with Predatory nature, and they hunt, their spiritual bodies need somebody else's energy for survival and development,  they must kill ,if they  stop eating whites, they will begin to weaken and they will be punished by their own predators. The young  black souls act rudely, they take energy and resources with the help of brute force, for this they are punished and revenge, some black souls commit such crimes that their souls for this destroy forever. The high black souls have the instinct of self-preservation, they try to get energy by peaceful means, for example, they exchange something for something, for knowledge, for their protection , for money and material benefits, they catch people on their shortcomings, in their thirst freebie, on cowardice and stupidity, when a person does not want to think with his head and develop independently, he falls under a black teacher or patron, a woman under a black husband.The soul is not able to live independently risks to become food for a more developed soul, if you do not want to live, give energy to the one who wants. Suicides, or those who do not want to live and think about death are potential victims of predators.  About the development of black. Patron of their cosmic clan is experienced predator, who in his incarnations was very successful, probably a magician and a great warrior  and rich man, he not to break cosmic laws and remain live . He brought in his clan of energy,   magical astral objects - Attributes, and then there is such a small predator in his family and he thinks how to make him smarter and use it to maximum benefit for cosmic clan. So that this predatory soul takes as much energy as possible from other people in the incarnations that he will give. The soul is invested in, and it does not benefit , sooner or later bothers this patron and the fate of it is unenviable. Blacks do not necessarily hunt white, black space clan with each other also struggle for influence, energy and territory. Fighting, killing in battle for survival and not loving strangers is normal, it does not  destroys the soul, the happiness is to be useful in the home family. Lion pride after having conquered the territory and killed the roe deer enjoys spending time in the family, it is good for them to be predators.Those predatory souls who reject their nature and imitate white are doomed to be fucked up others. White Gods daily fight with the Black gods.   All the peoples of the earth have different cosmic gods, patrons, white or black. The white race has white gods, the rest of the nations and races have patrons of the black gods. According to the laws of nature, we can observe it in animals, two competing species that eat one type of food, can not live peacefully on one territory, a strong species displace the weak.The strongest survive, each species struggles for its prosperity, for resources, for territory, for power. One species can not be friends with another, there are no equal relations, one always dominates the other. Such friendship is always to the detriment of one. White for black is food, a resource for survival, black for white - a parasite, a predator, a killer.If a representative of one species begins to act in the interests of another species, then he betrays himself and his family, he is a suicide. If he allows other species to live on his territory, he endangers the survival of his species. The intersection of two different species is a step towards the disappearance of one species and a way to improve the breed for another species. Self-sacrifice and internationalism are unnatural suicidal things. If you want happiness, wealth, prosperity, then serve your species (land, resources, food, only for your own clan, otherwise death and extinction) By the way you can see how much energy was stolen from you with a box of juice with a tube, you say and visualize that the juice is your life energy and the energy potential of the soul, and the box is a person who suspects theft and quickly drink  and look at your condition. If you meet a person who looks at you with greedy eyes, tries to get into your life , he does' t need you, he want  what you have, siddhi, attributes, good karma, life energy, soul energy, suck you and to throw out.    * Siddhis - are spiritual, paranormal, supernatural, or otherwise magical powers, abilities. The degree of your charge and enthusiasm for life depends on whether someone is sitting on your soul, whether you are standing by other people's will. Under the teachers, under the authority, under the parents, the women under the black soul men, in a state of loneliness, feel this. Besides the black and white souls in the Cosmos there are gray souls, they are beyond our struggle . They are  without emotion ,occasionally smiling, they are watching equilibrium of the world . Externally darkish lips, thin in gray robes, it worse than death to become one of them, they showed me a little what it is to be them, this living inside dies, and you feel yourself part of the cosmos, merge with it, and down there these black and white people are fighting for life and energy. Gray is the former white and black who did not want or couldn't live and fight anymore, they just died,  their inner state is merging with the cosmos and necrosis, they have no emotions. They do not have chakras, they are dead. They keep a balance between black and white souls.  There are souls of judges and space executioners, the place where they originated is at the very bottom of the cosmos, the Great Spirit and Reason created them to punish black and white souls for some crimes. At the bottom of the cosmos, does not mean in ass , in ass  there is a space with the energy of water, as in our lower chakra. In analogy with living beings it's teeth, that part of the body that is responsible for protection and survival, these hangmen are teeth, or like the tail of a scorpion in the Cosmos. 5. Natural laws.      Natural laws for black and white souls, a measure of responsibility and punishment. By nature  different requirements for white and predators, black stole from white,   he will not be punished, although they try to kill and steal tenderly so that the victim voluntarily surrendered the resources. High black souls are cunning and crooks, they all try to shift responsibility  for their robberies and murders to others , like to act by someone else's hands.  Their conscience does not torment , I myself was in the skin of a predator, I was changed mind, so people look like prey, no sympathy and pity, white is food, this is a subhuman, an underdeveloped creature can be used and eaten, only strong in nature has the right to life and resources, the other servants and food.      The nature  law: no claim- no crime.You can be robbed on the astral by attributes and siddhi, If no one noticed, then everything is ok.       High and developed souls know many natural laws, can correctly communicate with any creature of the cosmos and feel good in any society. 6. About me. Where I studied.       I am 33 years old, esoteric I started studying at 15. ( I was born in 1984)  I, despite my brown eyes, belong to the white German family lineage.  After the lessons of biology abandoned Christianity, just thought that there is a god, how it is arranged, that there is a soul, whether have  animals  the soul, during this period I find a yoga school, masters of this school were the Zion magicians . They attack me on the astral, trying to drive me insane and led to suicide, but I survived, I was lucky. They did such things ,they put me in the energy flow, that I did not eat and did not sleep for 8 days (yes, really not a minute slept for 8 days !!!), a shocking experience.They could control my body from a distance, push it, beat it, that I could faint and die,  voices in the head can be heard as if the real people are talking near.They made me hunger for 32 days, ( 32 days no food) , after which I was taken to the hospital from a toxicosis.    They know how to rape women from a distance. They almost ate ( Seized) my soul, because I considered myself their property and thought that after death I would go for them and serve them in their cosmic clan. but I would just be killed there.    A little bit about my adventures in astral, mages mocked and had fun at me, besides the real vision, they created me many illusions that I did not realize where reality was. For example, with a very clear vision and hearing next to me, there were some sort of creatures  and astral twins these magicians all day and night, life behind the glass, they was always with me, everywhere, in the bathroom, in the outhouse, they know and comment all my thoughts and feelings,  the psyche of this just on the brink, wildly embarrassing, but then l get used to it. I begin to appreciate solitude alone with yourself, when you have not seen any entities yet and have not heard anyone. The important is not to listen to what they say and not be afraid, they can say that someone is going to kill you or someone else has clairvoyance and telepathy and he hears you, but often this is a lie. Profit this communication , that you can talk with any gods and astral doubles of any people, play with them in energy and psychological games and defeat them psychologically and energetically, this greatly develops the intellect and in life you stop being afraid and shy of people from any class, at least a king, even a billionaire, even Supermodel, you saw more   stronger ones in the astral. Also exchanging sexual energy with them and mastering tantra, you get astral sex with those astral people and gods with whom you want, this ability allows in real life to  awoke a desire of almost any person, even if you not very beautiful,  object just arise a desire , from one your view, is a magical power. So with average appearance without special defects when you mastering the astral, the whole world is yours . 7. Children and parents. Who we give birth to and who gives birth to us.      Several variations of the relationship of parents and children in the aspect of black and white souls.      1. Both or one parent with a black soul, a child with a white. As a result, parents spend their entire lives trying to drink the vital energy of the child,  in his childhood he almost without energy, weak with an overlapped perception of the world, robbed of abilities and attributes. They tie the child to old age, constantly reproaching him. These parents feed the child to the pig condition, so  that the child grew weak and they could pity and kick him.  If the child could not  free his soul,  this is a 40-year-old looser,  he either hates his parents or loves and can't live without them. If he does not free from them until his death , he has chance after death to go to the cosmic clan of one of the parents, where his soul will be eaten. It's  important to be able to see the soul of a person, just ask how the soul of your parent looks in the astral world,  and if the parent is black, you will be very surprised to see either a demon or a goblin.  If  nature of creature the hunts for others and live at another's energy, then its soul looks correspondingly, the planet on which its creature was formed, from whom animals.When you see the soul of the parent, it is easier to understand that this creature is alien to you and what it wants to do with you, it will help to get out of the black parent and free your soul. When the white liberates his soul, then he is radically transformed, new abilities and perception of the world.    2. White parents and a black child. Here the reverse situation, this small vampire will try to steal energy and ride on parents until old age, so that after his birth they will turn into old men.       Parents can't be beaten, (in the astral sense), we must peacefully leave, otherwise nature will punish the white man.   And a black child does not have the right to eat the soul of a white parent after death.      3. Black parents and a black child. If predators from the same space clan, this is the most harmonious relationship. There is strength and prosperity here. With good relations, energy support and mutual assistance in life. In the relationship between black  can be competition and they can drink each other, there is a fight for supremacy, training. Black steals each other's energy if they come from different cosmic clans, from different Space Areas. White souls are born usually through the family line of the father, they are incarnate through it, black souls can choose which family they belong to. *Family clan is a community of souls on the astral, which are united by one surname, they belong to the same national egregor (Russians, Germans ...), also in the astral family clan there can be several surnames. Strong mages can take a surname and bring it into their family, so people with different surnames can be in one astral genus.       For example, with such knowledge I will never give birth to a child with a black predatory soul, if he dares to fly into me,  why should I work for someone else's space clan and endure this vampire that will suck my energy. White must give birth to white souls in order to serve his clan and live in safety in his family, so it is necessary to discover super abilities. High magical clans and Zion clans control thos who flew into the womb, strangers do not go there. 8.   What is Zion. Who control the planet. Myths about Reptiloids. * Zion , also transliterated Sion, Sayon, Syon, Tzion or Tsion, is a placename often used as a synonym for Jerusalem.   They flew from the Area with black predatory energy ,   this energy is in area of the neck near the spine, they represent the cosmic clan of the star Zion (the mountain was named after this star), this is an old male star with planets with depleted resources, so that they survived and started this whole plan in turning solar System into its colony. And at the same time catch the souls that they feed on.  Yes, they really came on flying ships a few hundred thousand years ago , their physical bodies are bipedal reasonable reptilians, they have done a lot of nasty things since then. All global wars and cataclysms on earth are the result of their activities, now they live underground and water.They are powerful magicians, they began to incarnate souls from Zion into human bodies to take root our civilizations and destroy us from within, by using false religions and esoteric teachings.   I'm familiar with their strongest magicians in human bodies, I know where their nest is in Moscow, are engaged in esoteric activity and teaching people how to live properly, but in fact they maim their lives and are engaged in black magic directed against the white race and white souls. I got to them as a student by accident.      What is happening on Earth now is like the film " Battlefield Earth: A Saga of the Year 3000"", so they are the monsters from the film, the white souls is a people.      Now they want to take power over our white Sun and Earth, they said that in 100 years the Earth will be theirs, because now here souls are incarnation from Zion  and white ones are being killed. They have many heirs and  pupils.      I will not write what this school ,  just do not want to advertise to these assholes and I'm afraid for the readers.    9.Individual soul development.      If a person has decided to develop soul it' s mean that he plan to become a god, the ruler of something there, the area in Space)) and all the bosses can not be, only most strong, the rest in the expense, because the space and energy In the universe is limited, and the souls of animals ready for the transition to a new stage are standing in line on the human clan,  so natural selection takes place for reicarnation , only strongest  remain, some souls die as a result of violation of natural laws, unwillingness to live and fight.      Honestly, I did not really need all this information from the Zion magicians ,they gave me false information about the structure of the cosmos and people, all I write is my own discoveries that I made as a result of the astral war with them.      A people and a man who is not able to acquire such knowledge himself and to develop independently is doomed and not considered a sensible creature  ,although most people beyond Christianity, Hinduism, islam and paganism do not go away in one incarnation. 10. The origin of humanity, the roots of all race and their role in the world.      This is the question of how the first person appeared on Earth, I do not believe in the origin of the monkey, and even archaeologists have not found this intermediate link between a man and ape or at least a Neanderthal man. It's monkey originated from a man, from creatures, who have transgressed the  facet of humanity  and become cannibals, this destroys the soul by lowering it to an animal level. If you learn to feel the energy and mind of monkeys, you will understand what they are abnormal, something in them from the maniacs of cannibals. Not all monkeys, those that are small, nature has created it. This chimpanzee is from people, more precisely from unsuccessful genetic experiments between human and natural monkey genes.      So this is my version of the appearance of man, rather not the version, but what I learned from the astral esoteric way.  In space, a lot of  sensible races who are looking for suitable planets for the life, when the planet is ready for the appearance on it of an  sensible life. The first to arrive here were members of the white True Aryan race, tall blond people, they themselves could not remain here because of the mismatch of terrestrial conditions and their physical body (pressure, atmosphere and other factors), but they created on the basis of their genes a suitable body for earthly life. The level of development of their bioengineering allowed them to do so. So the first white man appeared, he was light-eyed and blond and a white, Aryan soul was embodied in him. Next, they multiply a little and the question of the appearance of other races. Not only we were so clever, on the earth wanted to incarnate their representatives and other cosmik clans. The next was the appearance of Asians.They were created by reptilians, and then they simply stole a white woman and done her a black-haired ,narrow-eyed baby (not by rape, but by manipulation with her and his  genes .) When you find the first Asian on the earth in the astral  and you start looking for his mother and father ,a white woman appears   and narrow-eyed black-haired humanoid. Appearance of Niggers , they were created by reptilians from Zion ,  first they crossed the monkey with the Asian and then crossed this monkey-like creature with a white man.  Niggers and dark-skinned peoples is the result of zoophilia (crossing of monkeys and human genes).  And from these three species all the peoples of the earth appeared. Of course there were other alien interventions and transformations, but I write about the main ones.That is, if a person has brown eyes and dark hair, then he has an Asian gene, and possibly a monkey. So some people are descended from monkeys. So blondes people with blue eyes are absolute biorobots.  For the comfort of those who have brown eyes and dark hair, who consider themselves members of white race , I can say that the natural people, our white ancestors who created our body, also came from creatures somewhat like lemurs, only on another planet. All  cosmic races originated from animals, but specifically on our earth the human body is not the result of evolution, but the result of genetic engineering.   By the way about the enemies of Germany, all world governments are under the Zion, and the rulers have Jewish blood, Angela Merkel is by the way Jewish, if you look well on the Internet, she hates the German people and his culture, all Jews hate the Aryans, their religion Judaism teaches this hatred. So Merkel admitted all of these refugees to Germany and  in fact to Europe, so that these niggers and arabs raped white women and humiliated the dignity of the German people, white has a family of 1, 2 children, and Arabs average 5, thus in 50 years Europe will belong to them. I hate and despise white women and men who are friends and have sexual intercourse with nigger or arab,  they betray their blood, ancestors and culture, they are traitors. And yes I hate Negroes, Arabs, Asians, Hindus, Jews, all these peoples dream destroying the white race, they are death for whites and their culture.When I see them in the transport, I want to scream, "who let the animal into the  wagons?" And still enrages when they openly boldly look at whites, these creatures equal themselves with white masters, they must know their place, walk with their eyes lowered. And for white! Both men and women, carry weapons, knives,  guns, electric shockers, wear some kind of protection in the form of bulletproof vests, at least from a knife, if a black animal attacked you, you most ideally kill it and after death you will be rewarded by your white Gods, you will be a hero. Beat best in the face or neck. People living in Scandinavian countries (Germany, Switzerland, Austria, Belgium, Norway), they do not even imagine how lucky they are, they live in the best place in the world. Their air, their nature, their cities and things that surround them are impregnated with warmth, kindness, patience and diligence, I try to buy things made in Scandinavia, even water, because it is a way to get with good clean energy. In Russia, everything that Russian people create (houses, things) is imbued with fear, cold, anguish and hatred for their work. For me, Germany is a temple  (houses, roads, things, they are sacred) and if I get to Germany and see these dirty refugees, these damned Arabs who desecrate my temple, breathing German air, drinking German water, I'm afraid that I will not stand the nerves and I will enter into a conflict (and I always have a knife with me). You still suffer them, maybe hunt them, where there is no police and video cameras. Вy the way, in the subject of recent terrorist attacks in Europe, where immigrants attacked a crowd of people with a knife and all people began to run away ,if I were there, and I always carry a knife with me, even though I'm a girl, I would pull out a knife and go to meet it terrorist to kill him, maybe he wounded or killed me, but with me my white gods and strong hatred for the Arabs, I look at them as an dirty animals. If you were stabbed once in a fight or cut ,  try to cope with a painful shock and continue the fight, a person usually dies from several stab wounds. It is necessary to get rid of the psychology of the victim, you need  look at the refugees as a prey, which policemen get in your way to get you, because no one wants to go to jail for killing some Negro or Arab. The most dangerous knife is a dagger or stylet with a thin, sharpened on both sides  blade, such a knife easily and deeply enters in the body, piercing internal organs. Knives with a wide blade are not very dangerous, they are not come deep in the body. To kill with such a knife a person must be either a very strong or trained. Refugees will be useful to Europeans, they will rid you out the foolishness of internationalism and tolerance , and possible  turned into men and warriors your fagots which you grow on your gay parades. If life suddenly bring me to Europe and I'm arrested for inciting racial hatred, I'm not afraid of your prison, compared to our Russian prison, it's just hotel or a disneyland, a way to live abroad free of charge at the expense of the state , it s Russians perception of  European Prison. But I can hate and blue-eyed blond if his soul from Zion.       As I already wrote the planets are  mind creatures with soul ,our planet is female. About 550 thousand years ago, she was a young girl who matured to appear on her reasonable life and for  marriage, members of several cosmic families fought for her favor, as a result she chose and fell in love with the white Aryan god of the white cosmic clan of this Area with white energy and became his Wife,  hence white Aryan is the owners of the earth . Therefore, everyone always aspires to destroy the white race in order to seize the earth. Aryans are the souls that originated in this white Area,  the energy of this space is in the region of the chest near the spine, there are other white Areas with white energies ,  I'm from another white Area . By the way , my book will be useful to black souls for understanding this world and development. Such a shock was, to understand that my soul does not belong to the Aryan space race, I am also white, but different, these local soul are more contemplative, quiet ,cold, I am from the white  Area with first-born energy  like  emotion of  joy, it is in the region of the third eye of the Cosmos.  So do not  to worship  the any gods until you understand from where your soul , or you are harming yourself. If you stand under strangers gods, then it closes you from your own gods . But it's even more interesting if you learn to see the souls of people, from where they came and understand  their biological appearance look, we study all the cosmic diversity on our planet, we communicate with other species, develop, compete, become stronger. Only alien guests need to know their place.    11. Dead civilizations of the Earth.      On Earth, there were several highly developed white civilizations with advanced technologies and even nuclear weapons, all of them were destroyed. About all I will not write, you'll find out if you want, I'll write about Atlantis. Atlantis was destroyed  physically by the Reptilian Zionians, so I see these black spaceships and this fiery trash. Zionists do not allow any white human civilization to develop too much to keep humanity at a primitive level of stick and flint, they still want to destroy the present civilization. For to destroy civilization, it must first be disintegrated from within ,for this  false religions and doctrines are being introduced into the minds of people.The king of Atlantis was with a white soul, and his son incarnated from Zion, before the destruction of Atlantis, this son with a part of the people fled and founded the Egyptian civilization. In Egypt, at first there were white kings and lived the people of the white race. In Atlantis there was a strong Zion magician, he to get into the highest priestly council, from where he influenced the worldview of the simple Atlanteans by morally decomposing them.Together with the son of the king of Atlantes, he fled to Egypt and there he participated in the creation of a new Egyptian religion, where they were able to made the biomutants, these pharaohs with an abnormal elongated form of the skull.They created a religion with the gods Animals, for the moral decay of the white Egyptians, they placed the animal gods above the human, which contributed to the degradation of the inhabitants and they forgot about their native gods and their true kind and began to mix with other race,  thereby weakening Egypt and giving it  to the Arab tribes. Conclusion, you must not forget your roots and your own gods, otherwise such people are doomed to become a breeding ground for other folks. 12.The real truth about the  World War 2.      The World War 2 ,was organized by the world Zionist government, they know who they are, where they came from and why they were there, the  purpose of this war was to destroy the white race to the maximum, the Germans are the greatest nation on the earth.The national and racial idea was just an excuse. When the white Aryan race and Scandinavian culture are destroyed, then the Zionists (reptilians) will become owner of the earth.Hitler wanted to organize the genocide of a simple Russian population. Killing in battle for survival and simply killing the unarmed, like genocide, are two different things.The first by nature and military laws, the second is a crime that  decaying the soul and karma of a person and folk. I sincerely love the German people, more than Russian, because I consider myself to German, I have ancestors from Germany,   Dutch culture is the greatest culture.   By the way , all world governments of all contries are under the Zion.  13. The influence of magic rituals on the life, energy and sense of the people.      On Earth, there is a constant struggle for survival  between different folks. Races, nationalities, people of the same race and nationality, who are under different cosmic clans, are fighting. For example, one group of people pretends to the territory and resources of another group, but can not just take them by force, then the task is to destroy this group with magic and begins ... Curses and buried in the cemetery, the name of that group, the   values ;;change and the curses of words have a vital meaning for the enemy. The gods of the enemy are damned. In the end, wins the group whose magicians were stronger. Also  promotion their gods for the loss of energy and self-consciousness of the competing group.   For prevention, you need to constantly check the energy of the most important words for your people, put them on defense. Rituals and curses are also being made on whole countries, in addition to magic  use electronics, special installations that radiate to countriеs the energy of destruction and fear.    Magic is including the game in the association, when a huge object that is difficult to grasp by the mind and energy is copied to something less, for example, the planet Earth on the globe and thus it is possible to read out what is happening in which country.   14. Opening of extrasensory abilities.   By extrasensory abilities I mean clairaudience and telepathy (the ability to hear the creaturеs of the astral world, the astral twins ( phantom) of other people, the souls from the other world, understand the language of animals, the ability to communicate with cosmic objects and gods, read people's thoughts), clairvoyance (see all of them, if desired , the ability to scan  your body, blood, see the energy and souls of people, their inner essence, fight in astral battle with the help of astral weapons), the ability to know the true nature of the cosmos, to look at the past.      Manage different energy, influence it on others (healing, evoke a feeling of love or sexual desire, either kill or maim (punish) at a distance, create astral sensible creatures  for different purposes, fight for power on the astral on level of the country, the planet, stars (put under your will, energy and cosmic clan  all these objects).         First, it's just learning  to see the energy, it took me 2 weeks, usually our view is defocused or focused on objects, energy is part of the material world, it's only the microcosm, it's less dense, so it's not visible. Just take the empty space in front of you and look into it, contemplate ( look) the air, first you will see particles of dust and particles of light if it's a sunbeam, then you should see the multicolored streams that float around, you can see the aura of people passing by, if you move your palm in your face ,hands have something more dense than air. In the darkness energy is seen better. And more important is self-confidence, that you will succeed.   And you need to give the command to open a vision for energy centers in your head.    There are 2 kinds of vision, the first is real, the second is illusory , when some astral creature  clung to you and start throwing all sorts of images to misinform, scare, draw energy out of you, it's important not to get lost in the world of illusions, you can end up in a psychiatric hospital If you do not distinguish the truth from a lie.      A little explanation about the nature of vision and hearing, we have an astral and mental body, in the astral it's our emotions and energies, in the mental our thoughts and images, we see dreams and fantasize, but in the physical piece of flesh called the brain there is not and can not be any images and dreams, it means our inner voice which we say to ourselves, our fantasies and dreams arise in thinner  spiritual bodies, and if we hear our voice when we think something, then why we can't hear other people's voices in our heads. It was like that, I tried to open the hearing for a month, then when I tried to know out the name of my astral patron , that name just came into my head and when I asked  it, I clearly heard the guy's voice in my head, "Yeah", so further it remained only to develop success.    . Abilities  need to be discovered with the help of your own cosmic gods and patrons.      Yet 80% of your magical abilities and siddhas depend on your astral attributes, you should be able to get them, earn, exchange, take in battle, this is a higher level magic ... Closed Information, here is the secret power Attributes just do not appear, or you get it from your gods for work, or earned, or accidentally stole from someone      After you have learned to see the energy and are ready for hearing, you need to try to contact with your cosmic clan , your gods- patrons from your first cosmic clan, from where your soul flew to Earth to incarnate.When the soul goes to the incarnation, it joins the earthly family clan, there is a patron  .It is not necessary to use the words Patron or master, it is possible use  other words, it is important to find the most important person in clan.    The effective method for knowing this world, the method of association on yourself or on  space next to you ,things or creature  what you want to study. For example, you call yourself or  space in front of you, the name of the thing that you want to know  ,it can be an animal, a plant, some kind of person, his soul, it can be a star or a planet, a dead person. If you have high sensitivity and open vision, then you begin to feel yourself this object. Open extrasensory abilities provide opportunities for knowledge of other planets (mentally appearing there to see and feel), acquaintance with aliens, they can if they are asked to show their civilization, ships and weapons, although we still do not understand anything, but just admire .  As an example, if you can do something in magic, find aliens from your cosmic clan or strangers and ask them to show their planet, if they agreed, then you will have a feeling that you are in another place, different energy, different images. Then you can return on their planet simply by saying that you are there, your astral double itself is teleporting there, and you again feel this planet.      A some of recent my adventures and impressions. I wake up  in the morning, I live on the 2nd floor, I hear a cat screaming something, I decided to try to understand and the translation came to me, "  Let's fuck  " , I was interested, I looked out from the balcony, I see her cat jumps to her and they start fuck right under my balcony)) so I learned to read the language of animals.      And if you contact with astral creatures in the astral world, in the process of fighting (there otherwise is impossible) with the master of this creatures, he clung to my throat and began to suck energy,  so I felt bad , this is the astral murder ...An interesting experience. If you defeat the master of astral creatures, then you gain power over all kind of these creatures.    If you risk starting training magic and accidentally to go crazy,  it's can happens more than once, it's important not to panic, just calmly watch your condition as if from outside, look at your fear, panic, horror and relax. In extreme cases, greet me on the astral plane and ask mentally for help ,from a distance i can help a person. Or ask help your patron (in the true sense of the word) of your first cosmic clan. People to go crazy  from cruelty towards others or you are lost into illusions and you do not distinguish reality from other false images and information.  This is part of learning magic.  I warned that it is hard, further your choice and responsibility. 15. The creatures of the astral world.      On Earth, in addition to humans and animals,  live many creatures of different astral nationalities  , in the forest, in the water, in the city, in the air,  they perform certain functions in nature. For example, in the city they can feed on the negative energy of people thereby purifying the space.There are the creatures of disease, when a person does something wrong, he is punished by this small shaggy toothy astral beast  in some limb, pain starts and  the person falls ill.  House creatures, forest creatures , water creatures, dragons, devils creatures, reasonable folk dinosaurs as Velociraptor  slightly above the man, that something like gargoyles, the creatures -the owners of cemeteries eating the energy of dead people, the creatures of the weather, creatures living in trees, all this is reality ...Yes, the dragons live on the astral plane among us if they are called, but I do not like them, they are very cunning, their soul is black, it's unpleasant for me to communicate with them.These creatures have 6 bodies, they do not have physical and etheric. If you are an evil and energy dirty person, then you do not have to imposeyourself to Velociraptors and other interesting astral beings, you should welcome them, respect, love and admire them, otherwise you can harm them and they will not be friends with you. Take an example from Hagrid from Harry Potter, he loved, admired and was not afraid of any monsters and they were friends with him.   Some entities can suck out your energy  and kill you, if you  fighting with him, (you must fight ) ,some creatures  will accept you and leave you alone if you can defeat the strongest of them, if not, he will simply suck out your energy and you can swoon.Some of they very much like to joke and deceive. The boss of these creatures can give you the astral double of their kind, put it on you, so you will feel yourself this creatures, amazing  when you feel not the human body, but you feel yourself as another being with the plasticity of his body. Even since each person has an astral double, you can communicate with the twins of any famous people, favorite actors and musicians, they enter your body or become close and you communicate.  16. Methods of astral battle.      My little work. We all  need to fight for our energy with other people. Our victory depends on our personal strength and on supporting the patrons that stand behind us.      Fighting with ordinary people: astral people and gods who do not have a physical body are usually much weaker than ordinary people,  If they are defeated , then the person who they protect weakens and loses, usually a person is protected by an astral relative over his head.    You can  vampire energy  of people, it happens if your will stronger.To beat people with astral  weapons.   You can rape both women and men, men also have an astral vagina,  уou can rape them yourself or someone else's  penis or a finger, and the person and his will belong to you.You can put the image of people in a coffin, then vampirish the vital energy, I also buried my former teachers, I'm just like a lifeless walk. I decided to put my picture myself in the paper coffin and i was feel myself like a dead person. I really shine necrotic energy, everything on the astral is shy from me, important  explain to them that this is an experiment and that you are alive, it's  like passing the realm of the dead, you stop afraid of cemeteries and  ghost - the unconquered souls of the people who remained on earth. This applies to people with a white soul, because predators soul already possess this. People with a white soul are usually naive, peace-loving, bright as children inside, but world order and life dictates the need to   develop such qualities as aggression and the desire to dominate and defeat the enemy.You need to know the state of a predator, look at others from top to bottom, do not allow yourself to lose, live with device -"I do not lose, never," even if you have already been beaten. Learn to enter the state of a predator on the hunt against your enemies, this is at the level of animal instincts, when he traces prey and begins to pursue it, enjoying the hunt and panic fear of the victim. Imagine yourself predator, feel the plasticity of his body, how he runs, pursues prey, feel the primitive pleasure of hunting.When you learn, you can, if necessary, include the state of the predator, and then the surrounding people begin to twist the bowels in horror when they are near you, and the black souls will begin  respect you, because you can play by their rules. I'm not raising maniacs here, I'm very peaceful and good-natured, but life dictates the need to protect themselves and punish the enemies.I hope no one asshole here will come to mind to practice real hunting in the forest for someone)) I'm teaching an astral game that breaks down the psyche of rivals. To help, as an example of this state, watch the video of Agonoize "bis das blut gefriert" Ability to hold a punch ( Defend) or check of you for strength. We are all familiar with such a phenomenon as persecution of weaklings ( looser), these are natural instincts aimed at the evolution of the soul, the survival of the strongest. It is usually the defensive reaction of attackers from someone else's ugliness, internal or external, the desire to protect themselves from this ugliness that can harm the aggressor, if he opens, accepts, admits it  into his space. Or it is a test of strength the object of persecution , is worthy of being accepted into the company, test level of its strength, if you are strong you is considers a reasonable person, if you weak, you are just meat, a victim, a lower development creature that can not be admitted into the company and personal space, the maximum that you can get  if you bow your head in front of the strong man is role of servant. it's the elucidation of a person's place in the food chain. You have to learn to  defend, people beat in the hope of gaining your energy, abilities, attributes, if you will lose. They beat in appearance, in dress, in social status, in intelligence. You must love yourself very much and be well-developed in all spheres of life , therefore in life one should communicate only with leaders, with the most intelligent, talented, successful people, to learn the world, listen to the best, not popular music, literature, fashion, choose the best, ideal, strong, it helps to be above the opponent.Yes ,even if you are not the smartest and most handsome man, the ability to hold a blow ( defend) , causes respect from the powerful of this world and opens the way to their personal space and company, you were told that you are a freak, and you not care, so the  agressor become freak. It's the way to the heart of the best partners and friends, he is Prince, noticed your shortcomings, he poured on you dirt  , and you have a  fun and zero emotions, and he sees you as a resonable man and begins to reach  to you and he already not care for your faults, he feel himself fool, force is attracts. For example, I see a man (male) that I  not like , I thought about it, if he starts to freak out on the astral and react agressive , then this man does not exist for me, it is primitive, but there is Individuals who react for criticism of woman with humor and confidence, he does not want to   quarrel with a woman, he looks down on her, and he likes to me, he behave himself like real male, then he has reason for self-confidence.  Creation of the astral weapon: we take an ordinary knife , we go to the cemetery, we stick this knife into the grave land and wait until it is saturated with dead energy, then wrap it in something and hide it where no one will find it, not in an apartment house, so that its energy did not hurt anyone. And when someone attacks you on the astral, steals your energy, beats you with energy, presses your will, then you mentally beat the enemy with this weapon or stick it in ,hold the knife in the enemy until your victory.          In the astral with  you can do anything, beat, suck in energy ,drive you crazy , rape, make you astral children, laugh at your weaknesses, threaten to find in reality and kill, dip into shit, feed worms, stick a dead person into you or some astral creature , try to devour your soul by submitting your will, and many things ...While you pass through all this 100 times you will die inner. 17. The magic of the word.     Each word spoken , think or written has tremendous power, energy, information, imagery. The power of a word depends on the strength of the one who pronounced it. The word has the original true energy and image, for example, say the Ball and the image and energy of something round and jumping come, this meaning is written in the egregore of the language in which the word is pronounced, but there are mages of high level , they change the meaning and image of the word for evil purposes .For example, you can curse the word denoting the folk or something important for the people in order to belittle the strength and dignity of people. So that when uttering some mantras, prayers, spells, rituals and simply communicating with astral creatures, one must kontrol of meaning behind each word. Uttering some words in magic must be precise ( in the true sense of these words).  When you greet and communicate with some gods , be careful, because black magicians create copies of famous gods, so it's important to clarify that you greet the first god with this name or this god who was on earth for example 3000 years ago, when they had not yet been replaced.    18. Funeral rite and caring for the soul of the deceased.      So that the soul of the deceased person can quickly, safely and calmly go to where it should be after death, it is our astral clan from where it incarnated to Earth, it is necessary to competently ritual with the body of the deceased.   The most correct ritual was for our ancestors, when the body betrayed the purification of fire and the soul could easily go home, this is the most aesthetically and hygienic. We put so much care into our body during life and so cruelly deal with it after death, it is not difficult to imagine the processes that occur with the corpse after dead.      Most often burying in accordance with the Christian tradition, the body is placed in a coffin, buried in a cemetery, a  christian cross is placed on the grave   https://im0-tub-ru.yandex.net/i?id=fe21c08a2dee87b5dc4dd6a2f854c109-l&n=13 (a cross with two notches above and below, simple cross is a symbol of life, but these notches turn it into a symbol of death, because they mean that the soul is cut off from the connection with the earth and from the connection with the sky).And accordingly such a cross emits necrotic dead energy. A monument is erected, a name is written, a photograph is hung up (the photo can not be, it also holds a soul on the earth, these photos have live eyes ... and other relatives regularly remember the deceased, carry him food (feed the dead) Put candles and so on. It is in the Russian tradition.   All real magicians see and know what is really going on in the cemetery and what it is. This burial ritual curse the soul and does not let it go quietly, it keeps it tied to the ground at least a hundred years, until the relatives forget about it and the grave will not be destroyed.The cemetery is a damn place, it holds a soul between heaven and earth. After death, the person' s astral  copy, as a result of such burial becomes accursed and acquires the features of a real vampire. As a result, there is a connection between the deceased and his relatives, they feed him with vital energy, which he does not need , and he dead energy necrotic to them, and often this connection leads to illness and death. In ancient times there was a special person, a priest who watched the soul go to the address (got home) after death, it is very important, the world is an eerie thing, the soul is a great energy value and there are those who want to harming or using it for their own Benefits. Need to  protect the soul after death, control how she feels, sometimes because of a wrong life, the soul worsens her karma, that is, life has gone badly, you can help her recover and improve your karma for a better future incarnation.   In short, the procedures necessary after the death of a person:   - Correct burial or cremation.   - guarding and escorting the soul to home.   - restoration of the soul if necessary   - cleaning up from the energy of the deceased places where he lived. 19. Who are the gods. Analysis of all world religions.       I will explain the concepts of Zion and False Zion. Zion is a bad cop who acts by harsh methods to destroy enemies. False Zion is a good policeman, this are more advanced entities from Zion, they are the chapters and founders of religions and esoteric teachings on earth, where people flee from the cruelties of this world, where they meet the elders and wise men who begin to teach them   false theories of the world order, the world is suffering and you have to get out of the Samsara wheel and go to nirvana, like-  "  Get out of the way, guys , give us your world and go to fucking nirvana or die as soon as possible, although you can still sit with a blissful smile in the lotus or singing songs  Hare Krishna, and in the meantime we will capture your world and fuck your women". Even black gods like Shiva and black guru love to devour the souls of white disciples who are too much dissolved in these authorities. Nature is supportive of a strong man, since God does not punish a lion when he kills a roe deer, because it is in his predatory nature, it is necessary for him to survive and  don t hope that they will be punished for attacking us, to punish your enemies it's your task. - Judaism.    This is the Jewish religion of the owners. Its ideology is very correct for the survival and prosperity of the people who profess it. Only a person in the Jewish family and with Jewish blood can confess her. Other nations should have learned from the Jews how to care their people. Judaism was created by the Zionists to create a people of pastors and masters over other peoples of the earth.  Jews own the basic resources of our civilization . The God of the Jews is the  Zionist God.      - Christianity.    It is an artificially created religion. With an artificially created entity in the form of the God Yahweh, to which people can worship and give their life energy and souls.The Bible were written by the Zionists to create a religion of slaves, there man is a slave to God, to destroy the national self-consciousness and self-esteem of peoples professing this religion. Everything is built on faith and fear of analysis and doubt, don't believe, you need to taste everything yourself. If you open the vision, look at how the Christian god Yahweh looks, only without illusions, at first he will be very nice, if you not belive, he will show his true face and it's interesting to see who lives in the churches, what entities, that's "God's place" .But was Christ? And if it's fiction, all its wonders, because in the Middle Ages  in Europe they kill and burned everyone who something talk against the church and Christianity. And again, why Christ is   Resurrection, because on the third day people seemed to be his soul, and then he go into heaven, they do not mean that the corpse revived, or he was walking dead ? So where is the resurrection, if the soul has come out of the body?     Christ on the astral is a short, very dark, dark-haired man with curly hair and a lively face.He apparently did a lot disturbed people, and he was killed, the Zionists looked at this matter and decided to use his name and image to write religion for slaves, there are religions  for the masters and leaders, there are religions that cultivate weakness, humility, slavery, suffering, death ... this is an excellent weapon against competing peoples. In Christianity it is customary to call priests-  fathers. Native fathers have a connection with the body of the soul - Samadhi 3 with their child. We also have this connection with spiritual teachers ( guru) and husbands have power over the soul of their wives. This body of the soul is responsible for the spiritual development and worldview of a person, calling the priest - a father ,we give him power over our soul and become his slave..., don't do so. About Christian rituals:  --Wedding.  The symbol of  white dress is the death of a bride for a kind, she goes to the family clan of her husband. But it's not right that a woman getting married on the astral look like a corpse, really ....The wedding is a celebration of life, it is better to make colorful dress as ancestors did. In the church they give wine and this bread is unleavened, saying that it is the blood and flesh of Christ, which means that people thus symbolically eat dead meat of man, the rite of cannibalism ... --The rite of baptism. For the rite of baptism you need: 1. The fabric in which the baby is wrapped after the ritual (in fact, in the magical sense, it means the shroud in which the dead are wrapped), 2. White shirt (the dead, usually after bathing, "bathing a child in church" are dressed in new white clothes) 3. The godfather or mother of the same sex with the child, this is the person to whom the soul of the child is attached, the soul should be connected at the initial stage with the parents and not with strangers.In this way they remove the parental protection from the child.   Ceremony: the child is washed like a deceased before burial, church oil is smeared by his energy centers and sense organs, paints a cross on his head, lips, ears, eyes, ... thus overlapping his connection with the cosmos and closing his feelings on Christian egregore, so that he perceives the world through the prism of Christian teaching. Then they cut the hair, roll it into a wax (ritual of black magic) and throw it into the water (well not into the ground), by this they take off important energy and information from the child's head, the person stupid after that, the brains are washed out.  After all the procedures, the child dressed in a white church shirt  shines on the astral as a dead man. This is done for pumping his vital energy into the Christian egregor.    * Logical interpretation of the Bible    So God created the first Adam in the astral world, giving him a penis for some obscure purposes (probably to piss), then he looked and found that Adam had one rib that was superfluous, and decided to remove this rib and grow from  piece of bone  a woman, and gave her  the tits and female sex organs (or  Eve grew out of the rib directly from the body of Adam (horror film?). And God told them, I gave you paradise, and for this you must express your love and devotion to me so that I forbid you to eat the forbidden fruit (use your sexual organs for the purpose), go and suffer. Well, they tormented, but Satan- serpent is provoked them .... and they did it. In punishment, God sent them to the Earth, he was from the spiritual world is materialized them. Probably it looked like that, here is an empty space and a piece of land and suddenly in this space, from nothing materialize or teleport the man and woman, like Arnold Schwarzenegger in the film Terminator))    Since they were the first people on earth, they began to multiply, so their children were interbreeding with each other and so on, according to the science and sad experience of some tribes, they had to die out or mutate in 500 years. Their children for some reason were Jews, the names of these first people in the Bible was Jewish, meaning the Jews are the forefathers of all mankind and we are all Jews)) Negro Jews, Chinese Jews, white Slavic Jews, Indian Jews .   So you decide who are your ancestors , Adam and his rib, Jews , monkeys or   Humanoids.  Satanism is the same Christianity, this is the reverse side of one religion, behind Satanism are the Zion gods. Satanism is Zionism - Islam.    This is also artificially created religion of the Zionists with an artificially  creature in the form of the God -Allah, yes,  Allah is were, i communicate with him,  we did not like each other. The Arab  tribes  also by the way have their own pagan gods about whom they forgot like the Slavs. When a person becomes under any black religion, then he gives the upper body of the soul Samadhi 3 responsible for the connection with his cosmic clan and the world perception of the cosmos as it is and instead get the astral body from the religion through which it perceives the world, I was in Christianity and I know how they look at the world, a clear certainty that there is a god and a fanatical desire to convince others of this. So it is difficult to explain something to a person standing under religion, he simply hasn't  Spiritual body - Samadhi-3,  to understand, he does not have a spiritual  body responsible for real world perception, his vision closes the   spiritual body from religion.    When you leave religion, you must ask your natural cosmic clan to remove you all attributes of religion and build back Samadhi- 3 , with a full set of bodies the world blooms in all its beauty, the perception of harmony, beauty and truly divine great Mind and Spirit that is Everywhere.       -Buddhism.    Well, there is a wrong attitude to life , life is suffering, to be happy you must stop suffering through curbing passions. It is much more correct and natural to live these passions, understand and thereby gain power over them. If you want wealth, do not leave this desire, earn and try what it means to be rich. And this religion suggests to leave from life and desires into nirvana. Even the highest gods do not rest from life, they are also in the process of fighting for the survival of their peoples and clans.       -Hinduism.    In general, this is the religion of the Hindus , but now it is very popular among whites. Hindu gods such as Shiva, Parvati, Raksha, Kali, Krishna- are gods with False Zion, their main task is to bring you into a blissful state, they can even open spiritual abilities,   instead they block your connection with your own gods and take away part of the soul, some especially fanatical are dissolve their souls in these gods, die forever and never again incarnate. I regularly communicate with this gods, fucking beasts, I hate them.  Well, then all these  Sathya Sai Baba, a good False Zion magician , also hunted for the souls of people. Osho with his wise   thoughts , they all sit down on the brain and drink energy. You can not worship and learn from teachers of a foreign race, they will only harm , they will close you from your own gods, spiritual development is a connection and service  with your own gods and folk. Carlos Castaneda, many have gone mad from his teachings, I'll tell you why. The fact is that Castaneda is a Mexican, and Don Juan Matus is an Indian magician, the Indians hate white for seizing their lands and they decided to take revenge in this way.This is a false teaching, it introduces chaos into a person's worldview. If you are white you can not learn from a teacher of another race, because he does not want your spiritual development, he thinks only of his people, and another folk for him a competitor, an enemy to be removed, so if you open your mind to a black teacher , then you can simply go crazy or for years walk around in search of truth, but it will not be, only true teachers and gods of your native race can give true light and knowledge . The teaching of Kabbalah is also Jewish, there is a lot of false knowledge.    Shambhala is the astral egregor of the Asiatic magicians, all their knowledge is collected there. Shambhala stands under reptilians and Zion. Valhalla is not the place where the Scandinavian heroes , this is the realm of the dead, where accursed souls and traitors. 20. Who is God Shiva.       Shiva is an black soul False -Zion god. The people themselves and the Zion magicians appointed him ruler of our Area , so that the space administration in there is  black souls, he invited them to the service.Our whole Area was smelling of Hindus and Hinduism, they rule in the Area where the masters should be white and their egregors, such as Slavic and Scandinavian, but if Shiva is kicked from the throne, in this Area immediately begins to smell of   Aryan energy. Parvati his wife, a malicious black soul bitch.    By the way, an interesting discovery happened when I was traveling in a train, so  I was sitting next to the gypsies, well, and  they begin to steal energy , attributes  on the astral, I  thinking why they are so strong and began to look for the master of the gypsy egregor, came out the black god Raksha and if you bend it, then instantly you defeat the gypsies in the astral battle. But as soon as I touched the Raksha, Shiva came running with screams, do not touch the son and goddess Kali and now, to defeat the Gypsies, I had to fight with all them. Now it is understandable why the gypsies are such strong, behind them Shiva who created them to walk through the lands of white peoples, parasitize on them and suck their energy potential into the black egregor, and without their patrons they are ordinary unwashed beggars.    Now the Hindu egregor has strongly sat on the head of white people, it is  stupidly it to bow to the black gods, and they will take a piece of your soul, it's better to honor your own gods.    An interesting story happened when I decided to talk with my once-beloved writer Hermann Hesse. Hesse was a yogi and a magician. If you look at his soul and cosmic clan, it 's clear that he is black soul and the task of his incarnation was to sit on the head of the white people and in particular the German people, put them under Hinduism and cut off from the connection with their native egregors. He has all creativity permeated with arrogance, contempt for the German man. I have a German family and I have long stood under Hesse and his philosophy, and now disappointed in him, I just beat him in the astral and the good and bright energy of the German people is coming to me. Hesse is almost a spiritual leader in Germany, thereby cutting off their connection with the native German egregor, Hesse on their head covers this connection. In Russia this vampire overlapping with the Slavic egregor is Leo Tolstoy, this freak who fucked for the money of slavish serf women using their beggarly position, he brought them to poverty. Dear women, well, in truth, what a fool woman would give him sex with his appearance free of charge?   21.  Yoga for white soul.    If Shiva is an predator who hunts for souls, then I do not have to practice yoga anymore.Yoga at the Indian tradition these weapons against white soul, she relaxes,  moves from the struggle for power and place under sun ,at least for white , to black is  gives self-control, Siddhi to manipulate others, but white sitting in the lotus with a beatific smile under the black god while black souls rule the world and seize power, well sit on, the one who  refuses  the struggle is doomed to enslavement and death.    World order is not pink snot in Goa style, with some sort of villain who in future after spiritual growth  to join the white bliss and harmony,  who was a predator  will  become stronger and more dangerous. In space, black souls actually eat white , they capture  stars, planets, change their nature to black, devouring them, which I observe now.The only corner of rest is our white cosmic clans where we returned after death, if we are lucky  and have  friendship between the white souls, where we exchange of joy energy.    As for yoga, by the way, for nerves, energy and health, it's better to have a fitness and a workout, martial arts plus gymnastics.  Or you can engage in neutral yoga, like Aryan gymnastics without mantra and  Mudra ,which connects to some kind of astral egregors and gods .And do not engage with the instructors who stand under some spiritual teachers ( guru),  just only physics asanаs with relaxed or clenched  palms. 22. Paganism and its gods    About   paganism and substitution of the Pagan gods, they do not look like they are portrayed, such elders or heroes with a beard, few people really saw and felt the real pagan gods, there beauty, lightness, youth and strength. Substituted gods have an black soul and nature, alien predators (mages planted in the Aryan  egregore of alien gods, and the real ones were closed), make white pagans  more miserable than they were, and black soul pagans give strength. For connect the real gods you have to say that- you greet the name of the god who was on earth for example 5000 years ago or to greet the first god ( name) on this planet ( in the true sense of these words), and these gods who sitting In the  Aryan egregor, they are false, if you look at their souls, then you look a predatory creatures , their souls resemble the soul of Shiva,  because they came from the same place. Example: I greet the first on the planet Earth white God Odin, who was worshiped for example 5000 years ago, and must say (in the true sense of these words).     Black soul do not have their family clans on the earth in the white race, they are attached to the white family clans as guests. White souls from other Areas the same way. I now do not worship pagan gods, because they are strangers to me, our souls originated in different Areas with different first- born energy, my soul is from another white Area. White souls from different Areas  usually make friends and help each other.To determine this it is necessary  learn to see and feel the soul, the energies are different at the base, and if you can greeting and feel the Area of first- born energy where the soul of man originated, then you  understand nature the soul and from where it come.       Who replaced the gods? I personally know some of them, they are my enemies and we have a war on destruction on the astral. And you probably heard that the enemies said that they are going to made a new religion based on paganism, that's it, black gods are being taken, they are hung up on them like Slavic or Scandinavian energies, the image, clothes, beard and put into Slavic or Scandinavian egregor and  people will never reach their own gods until they kill those magicians who did it on the astral. 23. About world. About Russian culture. I'll tell you a secret, I better know, I was born in Russia, there is no Russian culture.It disappeared after 900 years, after the baptism of Rus: Christianity is a Jewish religion, all kings were with Jewish and German blood, Russian lords also with Jewish and German blood (for example Leo Tolstoy of the Volkonsky clan family, they were Satanists, i was  in their palace, there are all in Masonic symbols - the star of David) (Freemasonry  is Zionism and satanism); Lenin, Stalin, Brezhnev, Yeltsin, Putin are Jews, the symbols of the Soviet Union are the Zion and Jewish symbols; Most Russian poets 18 century were Jews, Bulgakov is a perversion and Satanism, Dostoevsky's work reminds me of a damp stinking cellar, Russian literature is permeated with Greek mythology and the influence of the French language; All clothes worn by Russians after 1400 were invented in Europe; Architecture is a miserable copying of ancient Greek architecture, and today copying American skyscrapers and business centers; Russian music is almost gone, we play music in the European style on musical instruments invented in Europe. Moscow and Russia is a peasant who shaved off his beard, put on a suit, bought expensive coffee at a fashionable cafe (as in Europe) and decided to portray himself as a cultured civilized person; this is a farce, there is almost nothing in Russia. The only thing that the Russians know, how  to make weapons and fight.  Such things as a nested doll, a balalaika, Russian national costume is just a circus for tourists, a real Russian culture in the tales of Alexander Pushkin. Now Putin and his Jewish team steal trillions of dollars from Russia, Russia is the richest country in the world for mineral resources and all this is being stolen. A bit about the history of America, there used to be white people living with the Indians before Columb , but the Indian tribes killed all the whites, so when the colonization of America began there the European military began to destroy the Indian population is retribution,   karma for the fact that the Indians kill out all white. To humanity of 500 thousand years, do you think during this time, white people would not have found such a huge land like America and would not have tried to live there? Do not feel sorry for the Indians, I certainly like them, simply because they are warriors and I respect them, but they are somehow alien and hostile to the white race people.The whites just came to America and took land on rightfully of strong. In Europe, too bad, for centuries, there ruled kings of the Zion clans, they give you Christianity so that people were slaves of God, so that you worship the Jew Christ. In the Middle Ages, millions of Europeans were burned at the fire of the Inquisition, this is the genocide of the white people. And now they have opened the borders for migrants from Africa and the East, they will destroy white race ... You are tolerance for other races, this is a suicide for white people and your culture, you need to love and regret only your people is the basis of survival, this is norm.These refugees can smile, be friends with you, help, they do it so that you open them, let them into your world and they, as parasites, would destroy you from the inside, they are the deadly enemies of all that you love, they will destroy your race, your culture, remember all that you love in European culture ...It will all be destroyed in about 100 years, if the white people do not start fighting for themselves. If a white man or woman marries with member of a different race, it means that he refused to serve the white race and in the next incarnation he will be born asian, nigger or Arab.  * About culture.  About the norm and perversion. Many people believe that special or abnormal person  is cool. Yes it is, but only within the framework of the natural norm, when a person does not go against nature, because nature is very wise, nature is life, multiplying, development. Such things as homosexuality, pedophilia, zoophilia, suicide, insanity, disharmony of aesthetic forms, these are anti- natural things leading to death and extinction, to the involution of living beings. You think it's so cool to call yourself or someone crazy , and you've been in a hospital for crazy pazients, it's not cool, it's scary and sad.Still I'm furious with modern art, where the artist created in an hour some incomprehensible crap, chaos or a set of geometric figures, said that this is a cool art and people believed him. This Jewish influence, they created such styles as abstractionism, impressionism, avant-gardism and advertised it, that the whole world believed it was cool, it's not cool it's just a miserable garbage that costs a lot of money. Picasso's picture I would not hang myself even in my toilet. The norm is not boring, nature and creatures that inhabit it are interesting and amazing. For example, my aesthetic norm is such musical groups as:Project pitchfork, Santa hates you, Imatem, Lacrimosa, Snakeskin, Deine Lakaien, Helium vola, Peter Heppner,Joy Division, Hocico, Rabia sorda, And one, Mortiis, Sopor Aeternus, Agonoize, Centhron, Devilment, Nachtblut, Cure, Die Antwoord, Ian Bostridge... 24. Nutrition systems, dietology, healing.       As I wrote above, dense matter is a result of the fusion of  spiritual  energies. Scientists are still working and studying the world at the level of atoms, molecules, neutrons and protons. There are smaller particles that are still invisible for study, these particles arose in result of the fusion  microparticles  of spiritual energy. Thus the   spiritual energy forms the physical world. And even the cells of the body and organs also have spiritual bodies and have a mind, we can communicate with them, ask their state, give commands. So,  one can heal and maim people with the power of thought and energy. The physical human body is set in motion by a   spiritual vital energy, if not will be  spiritual  bodies of the soul in the   physical body, there will be no movement.       The method of rapid healing:    We find out the karma cause of the disease, we apologize, we get the right to be healed and there is such a method of transferring the disease to the plant. When I got sick with the flu, I found a plantain on the street, аpologized to him, cut the roots and mixed with my saliva, saying that I shifted my illness to the plant, as soon  I did this, immediately felt the outflow of negative energy and the next day I felt well.  People get sick because of violations of natural laws. They are punished by karma if they harmed anyone. Punish even for negative thoughts. It is important to choose a plant with good energy, poisonous plants are not suitable for this. About healing and teaching other people, when we treat someone or teach it, we  not most wish a person to be cured or learned, especially if the patient and student are black soul, because on the astral, our desire is regarded as a permission to take our life energy for healing and siddhi and attributes for training. I write this ,because my readers  began to rend me hard and stealing ,after writing this book, it's those who have a black soul because. I tried to teach everyone, and when they get my strength and attributes, they become very bold and begin to attack me on astral, fucking competitors  ...  But do not worry, I know how to put you in your place. And most readers believe that they are white souls, nonsense, there are almost no white souls at all, first of all you must assume that you are black soul man.   Schizophrenia.    I will explain schizophrenia, this is not a disease, it is a feature of the device of human consciousness. The first definition of schizophrenia is when a person hears voices, well, a simple untrained person falls into the category of crazy, trained and knowing falls into the category of a magician, psychic and medium. The second definition is like a split personality, when periodically a person can't control his thoughts and actions, it borders on paranoia (a syndrome like in the movie "As gut as it gets" with Jack Nicholson). Controlled, this is when it is at the level of thoughts that a person keeps under control and does not activate them. Uncontrolled this when the human consciousness in the fog, and he can for no reason at all pounce on someone. I will analyze this state, a person has " Mind of soul" inside his head, this is his true image, the projection of his soul. If a person has a weak mental body and a good connection with the soul, then this person gives rise to a state of dual personality. For those who begin to practice esotericism, it is advantageous to be a schizophrenic, because this  " Mind of soul"  protects the human soul, it gives rise to aggression in the brain and the psyche of a person and the desire to harm someone who wishes a person evil. For example, you sit there do not touch anyone, talk with people and suddenly uncontrollably, out of consciousness, from the inside of the head, a desire to hit a someone, of course the person is frightened, like so, I'm normal, I do not want do and think these things, but from the depths of the subconsciousness impulses come which it is difficult to control. When someone tries to harm this person's soul and has an evil intention, then the sensitive person has his second self   " Mind of soul" giving rise to uncontrollable aggressive thoughts in the brain towards the ill-wishers.You need to communicate with this  " Mind of soul" you need to greet it, find it in the your head, and it will explain the reasons why he forces your mind to attack someone without your conscious desire to do so. Controlled schizophrenic to be profitable, immediately understand who wishes you evil, tries to deceive or sit down on the your  soul. Because all kinds of images and aggressive thoughts that out of a person's desire appear in the head, drive away detractors. In short, you just need to start communicating and be friends with this second self  " Mind of soul", with your subconscious. But there is also a danger, this  " Mind of soul" may affect knowledgeable magicians, they can command  her that even a person appear vile thoughts and desires, thus it is possible to influence the consciousness of others. A weak mental body and paranoia appear when a person does not bring the plan to the end, does not realize his desires and intentions, for various reasons, lack of will or fear, then this a tension that affects the mind. Unrealized desires are harmful to the psyche. The mind of a person is demolished (not schizophrenia), when a person loses control over consciousness, as punishment for inharmonious behavior towards someone or himself, and don t  call other  crazy,  that you harm the consciousness of a person, for this you can be punished by  demolished your mind .Psychiatrists only can make an intelligent appearance and feed people with tranquilizers and pill to the state of a vegetable. By the way, I hate gays, they are sick, they deviate from the natural norm, they refused to breed, they are deadly phenomenon for the people and the race, because  they do not create families with women, they are  weaklings, man, who fucked in the ass is not a warrior, he is not able to protect his country and people. But is being treated, it's just a violation of male and female energies in the mind, I myself was a lesbian at 17 and I was not attracted to men, but I realized that this is a road to nowhere, that it's abnormal, I learned to see beauty in men, learned to feel their energy, admire them, I learned to be a woman and my energy system changed, I'm normal and women  disgust me. Homosexuality is a disease that can be cured 100%. Homosexuality is specifically promoted in white countries so that the white race quickly becomes dead. The heads of the LGBT movement are Zionists, this is their intention. My boyfriend former musician, when he played at the American festival named of Kennedy, he was almost raped by American producers -pidoras, he was not even let go from the airport of USA, if he agreed to become a fagot, they would make him a super star, he is very talented and beautiful, looks like Alan Rickman, only nose less, women adore him. In the topic of health, I am now not a vegetarian, (I did not eat meat for 15 years), recently there were problems with immunity and blood, I looked and scanned at the blood of a friend who eats meat, so there was an aggressive protective environment that fought with the  poisons  that a friend consumes in the form of nicotine and alcohol, I had a sick and passive environment in the blood, I decided to eat a bit of beef and it immediately became easier, the strength and blood became more aggressive, I realized that our bodies are inhabited by bacteria, their nature is parasitic and predatory, If you do not eat meat and live in a harmful environment and rarely to clean your body inside ,you need  feeds of meat for  microorganisms, they come to life and begin to clean the environment around them from all slag and poison , a piece of beef is sometimes only beneficial , Often it is not necessary, because then these  microorganisms multiply too much and begin to attack healthy cells of the body. The role in the nature of a cow or other herbivore is to serve as food for higher organisms if they are vitally in need of it and then the soul of the cow shine happiness that it has helped someone's life, fulfilled one more appointment in nature and if you eat meat for pleasure , then of course karma deteriorates.  But I not eating calves, which have not yet been given, but have already taken life and I do not eat pork, I disdain. It is necessary to reduce production of meat for the sake of ecology, raise prices for it or issue it on cards, for example, on a card it is written that a person can receive a few kilograms of meat a month, a consumption quota. Meat to humans is necessary, people survived thanks to meat, and if they refuse it and fall into a situation where will be nothing to eat, and their body is not adapted for  meat. A man is omnivorous, between a herbivore and a predator. In addition, vegetarianism has a bad effect on the psyche, a person becomes too peace-loving,  looking that he has a pussy on his forehead , the world is a struggle for survival and this does not change, it's forever, who does not understand this, is doomed to extinction .       A short post about the adventures of my body over the past year or  dangerous and poisoned world we live. Where a year ago I had perfect health and powerful immunity, could spend hours breathing all the chemistry and feel nothing, eat something rotten and smelly and feel ok. But it all changed when I was poisoned with mercury in the summer of 2016 ... as I understood in 20 minutes later, when in the process my head began to spin and become cloudy in my eyes. In short, I ran for help, in hospital me sent home, saying nothing terrible, despite my whining that I started cramping, my brain and internal organs are getting colder, and I already said goodbye to this world, but nothing ,warmed up at home. In the next few months stomach failure, well, i recovered a little and felt normal , except for periodic numbness in the legs due to the fact that mercury was deposited in the nervous system.    So after six months a new adventure, I badly washed the apple and I had the strongest poisoning that was on his peel, I read about the symptoms and consequences and it all coincided that the apple was a substance that is processed by fruit trees derived from prussic acid or cyanide potassium , because I completely refused the immune system, the blood cells simply could not fight any rubbish that gets into our bodies every day, these are volatile substances from household chemicals, cosmetics, cosmetics on the body, vapors of gasoline and cigars  smoke, the smell of paint, fried foods, from apples do I refused, because I was feel of them bad, even if clean peel, apparently this chemical penetrates into the fruit itself. From all of this, I had a pre-fainting condition on the verge of asphyxiation. I had to leave my job, our company was engaged in wholesale supplies of toys and i spent the whole day breathing this Chinese plastic, and this phenol, formaldehyde and  plumbum  are killing all the immunity at all. A drink a lot of water and cleansing starve helps well, they take all this poison out. Conclusion, us maliciously killed every day, and then people wonder why   carcinoma is a disease of this century, because immunity is not able to cope and cleanse the body. Immunity is a pure liver and bone marrow, the liver cleans the blood, and the bone marrow produces blood cells that are designed to carry oxygen to the limb  and fight the poisons that get into us, but the problem is that all these phenols, formaldehydes, mercury and   plumbum are deposited in bone marrow, liver and nervous system ( brain).  Even health is pure brain, spinal cord and nerve sistem from poisons, heavy metals, they block the work of nerve cells and when foreign matter( some poison) enters the body, for example, these paralyzed and sick nerve cells do not have time and can not command the body to he produced cells that must neutralize the poison in the blood.We daily inhale with gasoline ( benzine) and tobacco such poison like mercury and arsenic ,hence the problem with immunity. Consumption of hydrated vegetable fats (margarine, palm oil) is the way to a stroke, the blood vessels in the brain are clogged.   Concerning cosmetics, if I can not eat lipstick and a cream, without damage to the health how it is possible to put it voluntarily on a skin?       In general, the basis of any cure is clean water 2 liters for day, fresh air, walking and sports, proper nutrition and starve.     25. Instruction for individual development for white souls.       1. Learning to see and feel energy       2. Open clairaudience and telepathy, by constantly greeting patron of your first cosmic clan through energy link over your head, until they talk to you.       3. Open clairvoyance, see with whom you communicate, feel them energy.       4. Meet with your   patron of clans, earth family and cosmic, understand the nature of your soul and the way of development on which you will go.  In the earthly family patron of the clan can be a stranger , just get meet for a knowledge , but do not listen to it, it is useful to know because his personality affects your energy and the chakra system.With  patron of the cosmic clan meet is to difficult, because different astral creatures will bring to you other gods and essences in order to seize your energy, consciousness and soul, they can be unreal beautiful, shine love, give useful  advice , show miracles, but you need to listen to yourself, if the fog in your head or an unpleasant feelings, it means cheating. From yours real patron usually fresh, easy and clear in the head.    5. If you do not want to stand under the black god Shiva, then you have to transform yoga into something of your own gymnastics.       6. Learn to understand nature of the soul and the who stand behind soul of man, white is calmness, nobility, northern beauty, joy. Blacks are more aggressive, cunning and predatory, although some have joyful energies.       7. Learn to communicate with planets and stars, understand their nature and see the soul.       8. There also learn to speak with gods, astral creatures, animals and plants, to see their souls.       9. If you enter the astral and start with someone else to fight and so do not be afraid that they will kill you, they only threaten,do not afraid of dirty methods, and black humor, this is stronger than any sword.       10. Remove all of their weaknesses, and if they have to accept them.    26. What punishment awaits fools and lazy people.       White souls. After death, you can get into someone else's cosmic clan and they'll eat your soul, if you have a strong bond or debts with an black soul man, with a mother, a husband, spiritual teachers- guru. They can take you to their clan after death. In the course of life, if you are stupid, you will be constantly robbed of energy and attributes. If you are lucky to return home, your gods and patrons will   punish you  ,because you having the opportunity and information to become the strongest magician and god, and you missed this opportunity and in the next life conditions and opportunities will be worse. The refusal to serve your cosmic  clan does not improve karma.       In the world now more than 70% of the incarnated black souls. I dream of a new civilization, people of a new cosmic formation, with cosmic thinking and perception. In space there are beautiful highly developed civilizations, they perceive the world about as I suggest in my book ,they study reality. Without deep knowledge and studying of this world, at the energy level, it is impossible to build a highly developed civilization with  spaceships. How people are going to communicate with aliens, if the aliens have telepathy and telekinesis and can control someone else's mind, but we are not, and they keep us for animals because of our stupidity.          Appeal to black soul people, if you are much wiser after this book and decide to consciously eat some white soul for your spiritual development, then you must give it to read this book, otherwise it will be a vile murder.    I am the author of this book, I forbid black souls from the black Areas, from Zion and False Zion to use the knowledge of this book to the harm of me, this Area, the solar system, the sun, the planets of the solar system, the planet Earth, creatures and gods with a white soul, under the threat of a curse . I forbid everyone and black and white souls (consciously or unconsciously) to take my energy, my siddhi, my attributes ,i forbid something at all to take from me (except for information in the book) for the discovery of your  spiritual  abilities and spiritual development , you should get it  yourself or ask for of your cosmic gods- patrons. Appeal to the forces of Zion, if you want to kill me physically, this will be a murder not in battle, according to natural and military laws. I called you to a magical battle. And this murder will bring your collapse on this planet. This book, this is a new  Holy scripture, a new religion, a new true esoteric teaching, and I am his Goddess and Guru ! Pray for me! Do you hate me?))) At me at least the most cool humor from all spiritual leaders.    If the information in this book was useful to you, then you can thank me as much as you want, so as not to be my energy debtor. To me, this knowledge and skills cost about 7000$ of all costs and losses in the training process. Here is the number of my credit card: 5521 7526 7854 3633 If you liked my ideas and you agree with the concept of this book, then you can serve the development of our civilization. Send this book to your friends, post information about the book on various sites. Just imagine how our world will become if hundreds of thousands of people find out this information. this is a link to the book without asking for money and without the number of my credit card, so that you will not work for me if you distribute this book.   http://www.proza.ru/2017/09/27/455    27. My contacts. antik130984@gmail.com https://m.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100017688253525&fref=ts