Runways: Part 1 Runways: Part 2 Runways: Part 3 Runways: Part 4 Runways: Part 5 Runways: Part 6 Runways: Part 1 Flying a supermodel isn't all it appears to be. By  m_storyman_x  – listen to the Podcast at  Steamy Stories . I had to find something to do when I got out of the military. Something that I loved, something that I wouldn't mind doing while I collected my military pension at age 40. Yeah, I know, retired at such a young age. But the military game is a young man's game and even with over seven thousand flying hours, youth still trumps experience in the flying game. As you get older your body just can't respond like it used to. As a result I just couldn't keep taking those high G maneuvers. I convinced the bank that I was a good risk, purchased myself a used Beach King Air 200 turbo prop and set myself up as an executive charter service. Life was good. Business was thin. On more than one occasion I ended up sleeping in my own airplane rather than getting a hotel room, just to try and save some money. It's not easy to pay for a three quarters of a million dollar aircraft, fuel, maintenance and living expenses. To be quite honest, I was about to drown under that debt. Welcome Amy. Amy called because of one of my business cards I'd left in so many airports. Amy was the executive secretary to a somewhat famous fashion model. In her own words, she was a glorified baby sitter, helping Kimberly manage her multi-million dollar business of runway modeling and lingerie line and endorsements. Her current problem was that Kim had suddenly become afraid to fly commercial following a spate of terrorist attacks against aircraft. Her question was a simple one. Would I be interested in contracting to handle flying her around the country? Could I deal with airport runways, so she could focus on helping Kim dominate the fashion garment runways. At that point I would have contracted to fly Beelzebub himself, if the price were right. Little did I know that six months down the road I'd feel as if that was exactly who I was flying. Kim was gorgeous. Of course she was. She was a super model. At thirty she was on the long side of it, but then some continued to work well into their fifties, with the right skin care and constant workouts and such. Kim flitted from city to city, rarely spending more than two or three days in any one place. She had a beautiful twenty thousand square foot home, which she seemed to rarely be in. She could walk the walk and talk the talk and sell sexy little lingerie like she was selling snow to eskimos. Unfortunately her looks is where nice stopped. She'd started to believe her own hype. She'd started to think of herself as a diva and act as if those of us around her were beneath her. More than once her sweet lilting voice snarled from the passenger cabin that I was flying too rough, or making the plane bounce too much for her to sleep. As if I had any control over the air currents. Amy was the constant. She was always there, inserting herself between Kim and whoever might possibly be around her. She soothed Kim and kept her empire on an even keel. But while the pace seemed relentless to me, Kim seemed to just eat it up. She loved the challenge as much as I loved flying. I suppose if I hadn't gone out on a limb after three months and updated my plane from a 1980's vintage to a reasonably new 2002, I might have even quit the contract. But with that new payment to cover, the last thing I wanted to do was kill the cash cow. I'd asked Kim more than once for a date, and always gotten the same answer, "we can fuck or we can work together. Which do you prefer?" "X-ray Alpha Gulf Foxtrot Seven, rolling." I radioed the tower as I applied the throttle and sent the Air King accelerating down the runway. This was going to be a relatively short trip. Kim had some kind of a photo shoot in the middle of Missouri, at some lake called the Ozarks, out in the middle of nowhere. All I knew was it looked like a winding snake on the map and had one small airport close to where the shoot was that had just enough runway to sneak in if I went in light. In only a few short minutes we were climbing through ten thousand feet, winging our way from Chicago over the Midwestern landscape at nearly three hundred miles an hour. "Adam!" I heard Amy call urgently from the passenger cabin. "Yeah?" I called over my shoulder. "Kim. She passed out. I can't seem to wake her!" She called, panic clearly etched in her voice. "Is she breathing?" I called back. "Yes, but it's very shallow and I can't seem to wake her." "Okay. Check her eyes. Lift her eyelids and see if they respond." "They seem too, but she still isn't waking up." "Okay. Let me see where we can put down!" I called back to her. "Chicago center. This is X-ray Alpha Gulf Foxtrot Seven. Declaring a medical emergency." "Roger X-ray Alpha Gulf Foxtrot Seven. State your situation." The controller radioed back. "X-ray Alpha Gulf Foxtrot Seven. We have a passenger that is passed out. She is breathing at this time, but otherwise unresponsive. Requesting a Vector to the nearest airport with medical close by." "Roger that X-ray Alpha Gulf Foxtrot Seven. Hold one." The controller said before pausing for a few moments. "X-ray Alpha Gulf Foxtrot Seven turn two four zero. You are cleared to five thousand direct. ST Louis should be fifty miles. Contact St Louis approach on one three two point one two five. Have a good day." "Thank you Chicago." I answered before changing the radio and starting a decent toward St Louis. The decent and landing were as normal as they could be, touching down less than twenty minutes after making the initial call. I taxied to the executive terminal and shut down, the ambulance quickly coming to the side of the plane as my turbo props spun slowly down to a stop. As much as I disliked Kim, I was concerned for her well-being. Clearly Amy was as well, and I did my best to comfort her on the taxi ride to the hospital. By the time we got there, Kim was awake and back to her normal bitchy self, though the doctors and nurses seemed to be flitting in and out with uncommon frequency. Twenty four hours later and who knows how many tests she was ready to be released. "Now look. All I can do is warn you," the doctor said with a stern look on his face. "You were lucky. You can't treat your body this way. My prescription is two weeks away, at least! No stress. You need to find someplace to relax and decompress." "No fucking way. I have too much to do!" Kim argued. The doctor turned to Amy and shook his head. "If you can't get her to take it easy a while, she's going to be right back here again. And next time she may leave toes up!" He said emphatically before turning back to Kim again. "I mean it! No phone, no computer, no stress of any kind. Your blood pressure was through the roof and you're just damn lucky it wasn't a stroke! Find a way to do it. And find a way to do it frequently, or you're going to be leaving us all too soon." "I'll make sure she does!" Amy said giving Kim a stern look. "Thank you Doctor." "Your welcome young lady. I hope she listens to you better than she's listening to me." He said as he looked over and saw Kim texting on her phone again. "She will. If I have to tie her up and drag her off." Amy said sternly to Kim. "Good luck with that," he said, shaking his head as he walked away. "Come on." Amy said, leading Kim from the hospital room. It was little more than two hours and we were back at the airport, the turbines warmed up and taxying for takeoff. The plane practically leapt off the tarmac and into the air as we headed back to Chicago, soaring into the air. "You know. I don't know how you're going to get her to have any time away," I said to Amy as she sat in the right hand seat, Kim sitting in the back alone, still angry with the doctor's orders. "Yeah. I know. She can be difficult," Amy agreed. "Glad I'm not going to have to deal with her," I said, shaking my head. "No? Oh. That's right. You're going away for a couple weeks," Amy said, nodding as she remembered that next week started my promised vacation. "Where are you going again?" "A little mountain lake in Colorado," I said with a smile. "Just me and some really good fishing. Sit back, catch a few trout, watch the sun set on the mountain side looking over the valley below. It can't get more idyllic than that!" I said with a sigh. "Sounds like a perfect get-away!" Amy said, leaning back and looking at the cockpit ceiling. "No phone, no demands on your time, just relaxation for two weeks? God I envy you!" She said with a sigh. "Could have been yours too." I said with a grin, reminding her that I had invited her to come along, only to get the typical answer. I made one last pitch; "The bed is big enough for two, though it would be a bit cozy!" "Yeah. I think we covered that one," she said with a smile. "Though it does sound tempting." "Can't say I didn't try." I answered her with a shrug. "So how do we get Kim to go on a vacation like that?" "Not my problem," I said with a smirk. "I lined this up months ago. You know how hard it is to find a place like this? Isolated? No phone no modern utilities, nothing?" "Yeah, it has to be tough." Amy said as she looked out the window at the ground far below. "Hey. I know. Take Kim!" "What? Are you nuts?" I said in surprise. "First off, her idea of roughing it, is not having her manicure on time. Can you imagine her out in the boonies without even a flush toilet?" "Oh lord. That would be something to see," Amy said with a laugh. "Yeah. She'd go nuts in half a day," I said with a shake of my head. "So, how much does this little vacation cost you?" "Oh, fuel, food, cabin and all? About seventeen or eighteen hundred. It'd be less if I didn't fly this gas hog there, but the only real way there is by plane or a long drive up from Denver." "That's not too much. I'll pay you." Amy said quietly. "Pay me for what?" "To take Kim," Amy said, still looking out the window. "No way. It's my vacation. I don't want to baby sit a prima donna!" I almost snapped. "Be a shame to have to find someone else to fly us around while you're gone. Never know, she might like the new pilot better," she said softly. "You trying to blackmail me?" I asked in surprise. "Oh I wouldn't call it that," she said, turning to look at me, a crooked little grin on her face. "Just think of it as job security." "Think of it as one fucked vacation," I said hotly, staring out the front at the open sky. "It's only a one room cabin. Kitchen, bedroom, living room...all the same room. And only one bed. Where will she sleep?" "You're adults. You can share the bed, right?" "Remember me saying it was, really cozy for the two of us friends?" "Yeah. So it can be cozy for you two too. It'll give you a chance to get to know her better." "You're psycho, you know that?" I said angrily. I'd planned this for months. I wanted to get away from the ice queen, not shack up with her! "So how about it?" "I don't think you could pay me enough money to do that," I said, shaking my head. "Okay. How about I sweeten the pot. I'll sleep with you for a whole weekend when you get back." I looked over at her incredulously. "Did you just suggest that you prostitute yourself to convince me to take her with me? Seriously?" "Does, seem a bit over the top, doesn't it?" "Yeah. I think you need to think about a new job if you're that wrapped around her," I said with a frown. "Yeah, I wanna go to bed with you, but not like that." She was silent for almost half an hour before she finally said anything more. "I'm sorry.” She confessed, “ I shouldn't have suggested that. But I will pay your expenses if you take her along." "Send her off to a camp or something. That's what you do with children, right?" "She's not a child," Amy said testily. "Though I have to admit, sometimes she acts like one." "See?" "Okay. Seriously. Will you take her with you?" "It's my VACATION... AWAY FROM HER!" I answered angrily. "Adam. Seriously. What will it take for you to take her along?" "You're not going to give up, are you?" I observed her tunacity. "Nope." "Shit!" I swore quietly. "Okay. I'll take her. On one condition." "What's that?" She asked, with a smile that said she had definitely won, again. "She has to pull her weight. I'm not her servant. I'm not waiting on her and I am most Definitely not going to change what I planned on doing because she came along! I don't care if she reads a book or plays solitaire or whatever. But if she turns into a pain in the ass I'm throwing her in the lake!" "As long as you don't drown her, you have my permission to throw her in at your discretion!" She said, practically beaming at my agreement. "So what does she need to bring?" "Jeans, tees, flannel shirts, that kind of thing." I answered. "I doubt she's even put a pair of jeans on in years, but I'll see what I can find." "I'd still rather take you." I muttered. "Maybe you can some time," she said, surprising me again as she climbed from the seat and slipped back into the passenger cabin. I didn't hear most of the conversation, having to concentrate on talking with approach and the tower as we got closer to landing. What I did hear wasn't particularly flattering. Cabin Therapy "Saturday. 10:00am sharp. If she's not here, I'm leaving her behind." I said quietly to Amy as they got into the waiting car at the airport. "Trust me. She'll be here with bells on." Amy said with a smile. "No matter what she says right now." "If you say so." I answered with a frown, not really wanting to think about how ruined my vacation had become. The Hot August Saturday morning came; and at five minutes to ten, Kim’s car arrived in did just that. Kim and Amy climbed from the back, Kim wearing a black mini-skirt, a red halter top and four inch spike heels. "Oh this is going to be fun." I said to myself with a frown as Amy and Kim walked up. "So, Kim. Do you have something to tell Adam?" Amy prompted. Kim rolled her eyes and bobbed her head side to side as she usually did when she had to do something because she was told to that she really didn't want to do. "Yes. Adam. I'm supposed to do whatever you tell me. Do half the cooking and not mess up your vacation. I'm just on vacation along with you and you're not my servant," she said with a frown. "And?" Amy prompted. "And if I become a pain in your ass you have permission to throw me into the lake," she said with an irritated huff. "Okay. Get on board." I told her as the driver of her car hauled the two big suitcases to the plane. I stowed them in the belly compartment and latched it down tight before climbing the stairs and pulling them up behind me. Kim rarely sat in the front with me, but was seated in the right seat as I crawled over the console into the left seat. It only took a few moments to get the turbines running and spun up, having already warmed them up after doing my ground check. I handed Kim a pair of headphones and put my own on as she adjusted them over her brown curls. "So, is this going to be fun or are you just doing this because you're being paid?" She asked across the electronic circuit. "I'm going on vacation. You're tagging along." I answered before pressing the button. "X-ray Alpha Gulf Foxtrot Seven, ready to taxi." "Roger X-ray Alpha Gulf Foxtrot Seven. You are cleared to taxiway K to runway one six. Hold short and notify." "Roger. Taxiway K hold short and notify." I answered as I pushed the throttles and started the big plane moving forward. We bounced across the rough taxiway for almost three minutes before I could turn and stop in front of the runway. I stopped and did my throttle checks and verified that all my controls worked as required, and notified the tower. "X-ray Alpha Gulf Foxtrot Seven holding at one six." "Roger X-ray Alpha Gulf Foxtrot Seven. You are cleared onto one six. You have a gulf stream coming in about two minutes behind you." "Roger that. I'll be long gone." I answered as I eased the plane onto the five thousand foot runway. I didn't even bother to stop as I pushed the throttles fully forward and spun the props up to speed, the plane quickly accelerating down the tarmac and easily lifting into the air with our light payload. "And we're off," I said to Kim as we accelerated into the air, quickly climbing above the low cloud deck and breaking into the sunshine above. "So what makes this a vacation? Sounds like there isn't anything there," Kim said. "There's a cabin. A boat. A lake and some incredible scenery. What more do you need?" "TV? Cell phones. Electricity. Hot water." "There is electricity, as long as the sun is shining. And as far as hot water, there's a whole lake full. All you have to do is bring in a bucket and put it on the stove," I said with a chuckle. "Oh joy." "Don't start already. We have over four hours," I said to her as I set my GPS to Crested Butte airport. "So what do we do there?" she asked after almost half an hour of silence. "Fish, relax. You do know how to relax, right?" "Well. Amy packed me some books. So I guess I can read some. I suppose I can swim some too." "Maybe. If you don't mind cold water. The lake is probably around sixty five or so this time of year." "Oh joy," she said with a frown. "Don't worry. You can always just lay out on the dock and catch the sun," I told her. "So, neighbors?" "Uh. Closest is about five or six miles away. This is a lake on top of a ski resort. This time of year there's a skeleton crew on at the lodge, but that's about it." "Well. Sounds like a lot of fun," She said with a frown on her face. "Remember what I said about that water temperature?" "Yeah." "Don't make me throw you in as soon as we get there, because I will if I have to!" "Okay," she said with an obvious pout. "So what do you talk about when you're not talking about work?" I asked her. "Well, clothes, nail polish colors, what we should wear to various things. You know, girl stuff." "Girl stuff, huh?" "What do guys talk about?" "Fishing, hunting, sports, that kind of thing." "How much can you talk about fishing?" She asked curiously. "A lot. How much can you talk about what to wear?" "A lot." "How long did it take for you to pick that? What you're wearing." "I don't know. Maybe half an hour." "I see," I answered with a shake of my head. "How long did it take for you to pick what you're wearing?" She asked, looking at my t-shirt and cargo pocket shorts. "About thirty seconds," I answered her. "So, you do realize we're headed up a mountain." "Uh huh." "In a jeep." "Okay." "On a bouncy dirt road." "So?" She said with a shrug. "Your point?" "Just wondering what made you think that was an appropriate outfit." I answered with a chuckle. "What's wrong with it?" "Nothing. Not a thing. This is going to prove to be an interesting trip," I said, shaking my head and chuckling. I looked over at her and saw her pouting in the seat, trying hard not to say anything angry back at me. Three hours and fifty minutes after takeoff we touched down on the single runway at Crested Butte. I taxied to the general aviation area and shut down the turbines, letting them spool down as I got the stairs down. It only took me a few minutes to walk to the parking area and find the jeep that was left for me, an old CJ5 that looked like it'd seen better days. I drove to the plane and loaded the coolers, my duffel bag and fishing gear into the back along with her two big suit cases and then went about buttoning up the plane for short term storage, inserting the engine housing plugs and covers to keep birds and other undesirable critters out of the delicate engines. "Okay. All aboard!" I said as I closed the stairs and turned to walk to the driver's side of the jeep. I climbed in and looked over at Kim sitting in the somewhat ratty seat, trying to pull her mini-skirt down her legs. "You may want to put on your seatbelt. Without doors you'd end up on the pavement by the second corner." "If you say so," she said, pulling the seatbelt across her lap and clipping it. I chuckled and let the clutch out, quickly turning around and heading out toward highway fifty. Windblown. That's how I would have to describe her by the time I pulled off the highway nearly twenty miles down the road. With no top and no doors, the jeep was like a convertible on steroids. The wind whipped around the windshield and blew her hair in every possible direction, making it almost impossible for her to see. When I slowed down to turn onto the gravel road leading up the mountain I could see her frown, but had to admit, she was holding her tongue. I couldn't help but look over at her as we drove up the winding bouncy gravel road. The halter might have covered her large breasts, but it did a horrible job of containing the bouncing mounds, one of her breasts bouncing clear out of the top after a particularly rough jolt. Yeah it was an interesting outfit. I turned onto the dirt track that led even higher up the mountain, leaving the lodge behind us. The gravel road was smooth as silk compared to the two dirt ruts that constituted the road now. I looked over at Kim and actually felt sorry for her. Her short skirt had ridden up her thighs so far I could see the red of her panties beneath, and her tits absolutely refused to stay in the top, both of them now exposed as she held onto the windshield with one hand and the edge of the seat with the other, leaving none free to cover herself back up. I slowed down to bounce over a fallen log and then pulled to a stop in the middle of the road. I shut the engine off and sat back to look at her. "If you want, you can change." I said as she pulled the material of her halter back over her incredibly sexy tits. "No. I'm fine," she said after a few seconds. "I'm not going to disrupt your trip, remember?" "Afraid I'll throw you into the lake?" "Actually, I am." "Well, I'll make an exception. I promise not to throw you into the lake if you want to change your clothes." I said with a chuckle. "Why? You don't like what I'm wearing?" "Kim. I've flown you to how many photo shoots and catwalks? I doubt there's anything that you can wear that would show more than I've already seen." "Really? Why do you have a hardon then?" I looked down at my lap and realized she was right. I had a huge hardon inside my shorts, something I hadn't had looking at her since, well, shortly after I started. Her attractiveness had been completely overridden by her bitchy nasty personality. "Touché" I said. "Just thought I'd offer." "You don't like what you see?" "I didn't say that. You're a multi-million dollar showoff. Let's face it, you'd look good no matter what you wear." "But you don't want my tits bouncing where you can see em?" She asked pointedly. "Kim. I don't care if you wanna go naked. There isn't anyone out here to see except me and Mother Nature. So there isn't any point in being a clothes horse. Wear what you want to be comfortable." "That offer to change still stand?" She asked with her brow furrowed slightly. "Still stands." I answered. "Good," she said, unbuckling her seatbelt. She stepped out of the jeep and stood on the grass next to the dirt tracks, wiggling her skirt down over her hips until she could step out of it. She tossed it onto the empty old milk crate I kept wedged between our seats and then reached for the top of her halter, pulling the knot around her neck apart. The material flopped down, exposing her full round tits, each the size of a half melon glued to her chest. Her skin was tanned without a single line and her areola, perfectly round and pink were clearly puckered around her rock hard nipples. She finished undoing the tie behind her back and tossed the top on top of the skirt. She bent over and pulled her four inch heels off and tossed them onto the pile as well. "There," she said sliding back onto the seat and starting to buckle her belt back up. "That all? You don't want to take the panties off too?" "If you insist," she said, reaching down and sliding the tiny red thong panty off her ass and down her legs, tossing it into my lap, leaving her completely naked on the passenger seat. "You're turn." "My turn for what?" "To get undressed. It's only fair, right? I mean you don't expect me to sit here naked all alone, right?" "Why?" I asked a little startled. "Well, look at it from my perspective. I get ogled all day. Hell, there's dozens of guys that have seen me completely naked, including you. They see me when I'm changing, they see me when I'm being posed for a photo, there isn't a part of me that hasn't been exposed to multiple guys. Once, just once, I'd like turnaround to be fair play. If I'm naked, you should be too." I thought about it for a few moments, and without another word, unbuckled my seat belt. I stepped out of the jeep and undid the belt on my shorts and pushed them down, stepping out of them and tossing them on the pile between the seats. I took a breath and a little nervously pushed my boxers down, freeing my engorged cock to stick out its full nine inches at her. I tossed my boxers on the pile and then skimmed off my t-shirt, leaving me naked except for my socks and boots. "Better?" I asked as I slipped into the seat again and buckled the seat belt, my cock sticking straight up in the air as I pushed the clutch in to start the engine together. "Actually, yeah, it is," she said, still looking at my cock and making me nervous. I shifted into gear and took off up the road again bouncing our way up the last mile toward the cabin. I pulled into the clearing in front of the lake and stopped, shutting the engine down and letting Mother Nature bathe us in the sound of the breeze blowing through the soft pine boughs and the birds starting to chirp again after our arrival. "Wow. This is...well, incredible," she said, undoing her seat belt and standing up, holding onto the windshield. She turned to look around, her pussy slightly higher than my face, but only a little more than a foot away, her completely shaved mound and pussy completely exposed as she moved. Her lips were fat and round with only a tiny bit of inner lip peeking out from between them, little bits of moisture glistening between her lips sexily. If my cock had softened any on the remaining drive, the view in front of me ensured that I was once again rock hard. "Yeah, it is." I answered, thinking more about how she looked framed against the sky and trees in front of me than anything else. "You know this wouldn't be a half bad place if I didn't have to shit in a wooden box," she said as she stared at the little outhouse behind the cabin. "And then it's gone." I muttered. For a few minutes she was acting like a real person. Hell, I'd even felt a little sorry for her having no control over who sees her naked. Stupid of me I know. I climbed out of the jeep and started carrying the gear into the small cabin, Kim walking in behind me, seeing the dust and cobwebs that prevailed in the many months of human absence. "Jesus! Doesn't anyone clean around here?" I turned around and looked at her, took two steps and picked her thin frame up in my arms and threw her over my shoulder, clamping her kicking legs to my chest as I walked out the cabin door. She struggled and squirmed, twisting in my arms and trying to hit and kick me to put her down all the way to the rickety wooden dock sticking out about 30 feet from shore, into the lake. It wasn't the most graceful thing I'd ever done, but the squeal as she hit the cold water was worth the several bruises I was sure were going to pop up for my effort. I walked to the shore and stood there, waiting for her to walk naked from the lake, her hair now laying in a flat mat, water streaming from her hair and body. She walked up the shore staring daggers at me. "Bastard," she muttered. To be continued. By  m_storyman_x , for Literotica. Runways: Part 2 The Taming of the Shrew "I told you what I'd do if you pissed me off." I said as she walked past me. By  m_storyman_x  – listen to the Podcast at  Steamy Stories . "That water was fucking cold!" "Uh huh. Matches your attitude. I think if I were you I'd warm it up a bit or you might be sleeping out in the jeep." "You wouldn't!" "The hell I wouldn't." I said with a scowl. "Remember the rules. This is my fucking vacation. You're along because I said you could, not to baby or pamper you or put up with your diva shit. If you don't like it, the road works two ways. "Fine! I'm outa here!" She said stomping off toward the jeep. She climbed into the front seat and turned the key, the jeep lurching forward before coming to a stop again. "What's wrong with this thing?" "It's a stick shift." I said with a frown as I turned and walked back into the cabin. "Okay. So I don't know how to make it work," she said quietly as she came in and closed the door quietly behind herself. "Not surprised. Come eat." I said, dishing some chili from the pot on the stove into two bowls. I was starved, having not gotten any lunch and it was already half way to dinner. I sat down and dug into my bowl, ignoring her. She slipped gently into the seat across from me and meekly apologized. "I'm sorry," she said barely above a whisper. "Forgiven." I said simply, pushing a bowl of chili across the table toward her. "Better eat." She looked at the bowl cautiously. "Is it organic?" "Nope. Just plain cow and beans and spices." I answered. "I don't eat much meat," she said quietly, looking at the bowl as if it might bite her. "Well, then you're probably going to be hungry a lot of the time, because I didn't bring a whole lot of vegetables and crap like that." I said, reaching out to hand her a spoon. She took the spoon and gingerly scooped a small bite from the bowl, lifting it to her lips and tentatively tasting it. A few moments later the spoon was emptied and headed back for another trip. "This is good," she said with a little surprise in her voice. "Thank you." "You made it?" "Uh huh." "I didn't know you could cook." "You never asked." I answered with a shrug. "I don't know how," she said quietly. "Guess you're going to have to learn." I answered her, looking at her face pointed down at the bowl almost as if she were ashamed to admit she couldn't cook. "Not to worry. I won't let you starve. Eat up now. Maybe I'll teach you how to fish." She looked up at me curiously and then back down at the bowl, scooping another spoon of chili. "Adam. Why are you doing this?" "Doing what?" I asked between bites. "This. Here. Me?" I sighed and leaned back in my chair. "As a favor to Amy." "You like her, don't you?" "Yeah. She's nice. Not interested in me, but nice just the same." "She might be interested in you. She talks about you. I've heard her say your name when she comes." I looked at her in surprise. "Huh? She does what?" "She sometimes says your name when we're fucking. You did know didn't you? That she was lesbian, right?" "Uh, no. I didn't. Explains a lot though." "Sorry," she said softly. "Well, at least I know where I stand... with both of you," I answered her between bites of my chili. "Don't assume. The main reason I don't do guys is that I hate having the guys coming on to me all the time. Makes me feel dirty or something. Seems like every guy on the planet wants to get into my panties." "Can you blame them? I mean hell, you're one of the hottest looking women on the planet. You could have the pick of any guy you want." "Who says I want a guy?" "We all assume that, until you prove to us different." "Is that why you don't try to come on to me? Or is it professional ethics?" I chuckled and didn't answer her, but continued eating my chili. "Come on. I know you're turned on by how I look. I saw that boner on the way up here." "Didn't say your body didn't turn my body on. Hell, sitting here looking at your bare tits turns my cock on. I'll admit that." "But you don't want to come on to me?" "Not particularly." "Why?" "When I took this job, I thought about it. Shit I had a hard boner the whole time on those first few photo shoots I flew you too. But I stopped going to them and stayed with the plane because it just wasn't that interesting any longer." "Why not?" "You really want me to tell you?" "Yes! I do!" I set my spoon down and leaned back in my chair. "Even if it hurts your feelings?" She was silent for several long seconds. "Yes, even if it hurts my feelings." "Because the longer I knew you the more I realized that you had a personality that was less than attractive." "What do you mean?" "You act like a class A bitch. No one likes a bitch, especially a guy. Anyone I know that's gotten to know you feels the same way." I said. "Well, as you say, at least I know where I stand," she said tilting her head up defiantly. "No. You don't. I fly you because I need the money. You're here screwing up my vacation, the vacation that I've been planning for six months because Amy begged me to take you. You had a stress attack. Your body tried to shut itself down because you're over stressed and under rested. She's afraid of something happening to you. She wanted you to get away and relax so badly that she offered to spend a whole weekend having sex with me, just so that I'd take you along." "She did?!" "She did. But I told her no. I only agreed to take you because she threatened to find another pilot to fly you while I was gone, so you're here so that I don't lose my job as your pilot." She got up from the table and walked to the cabin door. "Well you don't have to worry. I won't fire you, and since I'm stuck here with you I won't be flying with anyone else. So you're safe. You don't have to worry about being nice to me or doing anything for me. You clearly don't want me here, so you do what you need and I'll just find something to keep me busy," she said before turning and walking out the door. The rejection she felt was deep & profound. I shook my head, leaned over my bowl and finished the last few bites. I cleaned up both our dishes, put the food in what served as a refrigerator in the small cabin, and then dug into my gear, pulling on some shorts and a shirt and then getting out my fishing gear. It took me about ten minutes to get my rods put together, threaded and my artificial baits organized to go fish. I saw her sitting on the shore, still naked, looking out at the lake as I walked to the little boat. I flipped it over, put the little electric motor and the oars in the boat and then went back to the cabin for the battery. I lugged the fifty plus pound battery out to the boat, settled it into the back and then attached the cables. She was still sitting against the tree as I pushed off and headed out onto the lake to fish. It was dark by the time I came in. The moon was already up, and while not full, it provided plenty of light for me to make it to shore and then to the cabin. I reached into my pocket for the lighter that I knew was there as I headed for the porch. I pulled the lantern down from the hook on the porch, pumped it up, having checked to be sure it had fuel in it before I left. I held the lighter to the hole in the side of the lantern and it puffed to life, the yellow flame quickly changing to blue and then bright white as the mantel did its job converting the gas flame into a more refined reaction. I picked up the lantern and walked into the cabin, the light filling the small cabin and illuminating Kim sitting in one of the three chairs in the room, wrapped in a blanket, her knees pulled up to her chest with the blanket wrapped around herself. "You're back," she said barely above a whisper. "Uh huh. You could have lit a lantern." I told her. “The lone skylight I installed over the table had ceased to illuminate anything, this late in the day. "I didn't know how," she said with a frown on her face. "Seems like I don't know a lot of things." Kim’s Humble Apprenticeship "Well, come here." I said as I pulled an oil lamp down off the wall. "Matches are here." I said, stepping to the fireplace and pulling open a box of wooden matches, sitting on the mantle. “Gawd, this fur rug is huge! What animal was it,” she asked. That’s Uri. He’s the grizzly whom my dad met outside the cabin, one morning. He stood about 15 feet tall, when Dad dropped him 10 feet from the door, with a rifle bullet to the heart. We skinned him and stretched the hide. The meat was rather tough, but we quartered his carcus and took him to the meat market It’s a nice cozy rug when you’re cold and trying to warm up in front of the fireplace. I set the lamp on the table by the lantern and took the glass globe off, striking the match and touched it to the wide wick. The flame slowly grew and threw light of its own, though dwarfed by the bright gas lantern. "I have to deal with my fish. You can come outside if you want. If not, you at least have some light." "You caught some?" "A few." I answered as I turned and walked out of the cabin with the lantern. She followed behind, wrapped in the blanket and followed me to the boat and then to the metal-covered table, screwed down to one side of the end of the dock. "So that's what this is for?" She asked as I laid the three fish on the table to clean them. "Yep." I said as I used my pocket knife to cut the lower jaw and the belly, pulling the guts out and tossing it into the water by the dock. It only took a few short minutes to completely clean and rinse the three rainbow trout that I had caught. "Breakfast." I said, holding up the three fish in one hand and picking up the lantern with the other. "So what now?" Kim asked as she followed me into the cabin, closing the door behind us. "Well. Usually I'd just go to bed." I answered as I put the fish in the ice box and set the lantern on the counter. "So early?" "It's probably past eight." I said with a shrug. "Are you hungry?" "I snacked on some crackers, but I wouldn't mind something," she answered meekly. "I would have made something, but I didn't know how to make the stove work. I turned the knobs but the flames never came on." "Yeah, gotta light it with a match." I told her as I walked back to the icebox and pulled a Ziploc bag out. I walked to the stove and lit two burners, dug out two cast iron pans and put them on the flames. I dug in my food box for a container of oil and poured some in each pan. Putting away the oil I pulled out two large potatoes and quickly sliced them, dropping the white slices into one of the pans and then laid two marinated chicken breasts from the Ziploc into the other pan. It only took a few minutes to cook the potatoes and chicken breasts, ladling the fried food onto two plates. I set the pans aside to let the oil cool and then set the plates on the table. "Might as well come eat." I said as she stood near the wall watching me. "I'm not supposed to make you cook for me," she said quietly. "I know. But I did. So come eat." She walked to the table and sat down, carefully taking a few bites of the food. "Damn this is good," she mumbled as she began eating quickly. "I don't get much fried food. Not good for my figure, but this is so good." I chuckled. "Thanks." Kim was finished long before I was, and sat curled up in her blanket across from me, watching me eat. "Are you good at other things? Besides cooking and fishing and flying I mean?" "I think I'm pretty fair at a lot of things. What in particular are you asking about?" "I don't know. I mean most of the guys I know couldn't figure out which end of a fry pan to hold, let alone cook something good like this. But it seems like you know how to do everything you try. I mean you drove that jeep up here, you know how to fish, it's like you're a mountain man on steroids, or something." I laughed quietly. "No. Just learned when I was young how to camp and handle myself in the woods. Come on. We'll go get water and I'll show you how to be Jane of the jungle. You can do the dishes." "Sounds fair," she said, getting up and standing expectantly next to the table. "Here." I said handing her a plastic bucket. "We have to get water." I picked up the lantern and walked out of the cabin with her following behind. She followed me to the dock and dipped the bucket into the water. I smiled to myself as she struggled to carry the bucket and hold the blanket, but didn't offer to take it for her. I showed her where the big pot was, and let her fill it with her bucket and start it heating. We both sat in the chairs, waiting for the water to heat on the gas stove. She got up, walked to one of her suitcases, sitting against the wall and open, pulled out a rather slinky looking robe and slipped it over her still naked body. "Use another pot to scoop water out into the wash pan. You want to save some of that water to wash yourself with." "Wash myself?" "Yeah. Unless you want to wash in the lake." I chuckled. "Oh. Hadn't thought of that," she said as she headed for the sink. I took the blanket and threw it back on the bed, stripped my clothes off and climbed into bed, in the corner. "I'll go to sleep if you want some privacy to clean up. Just make sure to shut the lantern all the way off before you come to bed. I'd hate to waste the fuel, there's only so much." "Okay," she said quietly. "Adam?" "Yeah?" I answered without looking over at her. "Thank you." "For what?" "Being different," she said, as if that explained it all. I was still awake almost half an hour later when the cabin went dark. Kim climbed into bed with me, smelling of flowers as she slipped under the blanket with me, her back bumping against my back as she climbed into the full size bed. "It is small, isn't it?" "Uh huh. Cozy for two." I answered her. "I don't mind," she whispered. "Do you always sleep like that?" "Like what?" "Naked." "Yeah, actually." I answered in a whisper. "I don't have to, if it bothers you." "No. Not if it's how you usually sleep." "Okay." I answered sleepily. "Go to sleep now." I woke up with the sun, not completely surprised to be spooned up against Kim. How did I roll over and nuzzle up in this spooning position? How would I explain it? It was cool in the cabin and her body heat was certainly attractive to any sleeping body. Natural response, as was the morning woody. I suppose I could have considered that woody being jammed between her legs and my hand cupping her breast through the thin nightgown being natural as well, but the last thing I needed was to wake up the ‘ice queen’ thinking that I was trying to take advantage of her in her sleep. I eased myself away from her and out of bed. I stepped to my duffel and pulled out a pair of shorts and a shirt, pulling them on and then heading out the door, letting the screen door slam as I went. If she was awake, she pretended not to be. By the time I came back from the outhouse Kim was up and dressed in a pair of pink sweats, the form fitting spandex hugging her curves. "Good morning," she said surprisingly meekly. "Morning." "I guess it's my turn now," she said heading to the cabin door, her hair looking wild after the night's sleep. While she was gone I pulled the pan from the potatoes onto the now lit front burner, heating the oil left over from the night before. "You're going to reuse the oil?" She asked as she stepped back into the cabin, rubbing her arms to ward off the morning chill. "Yep. The potato oil. It'll be find for cooking breakfast." I said as I pulled another pan from the cabinet and lit another burner. I spooned a couple teaspoons of hot oil into the other pan before laying the two of the fish from last night into the hot oil. The fish sizzled and spit in the pan as it cooked, the skin crisping in the hot oil as the fish cooked through. I flipped it over after a few minutes to let the other side cook and then cracked some eggs in the second pan. In only a few minutes I had two plates of breakfast ready to eat, fresh fish and eggs. Couldn't ask for a better breakfast in the woods. "When you wash the dishes, don't use soap in the cast iron. It'll ruin it." I told her before I got up to head out of the cabin. I loved fishing early in the morning. Working a small fly along the weed banks on the far end of the lake where the four small springs trickled into the lake was one of my favorite spots on this lake. The rainbow trout came up from the cold deep waters to feast on the small bugs and minnows that inhabit the weeds, making my flies an inviting target of opportunity. By lunchtime I had six nice fish on the stringer and was ready to head back into camp. Even from half way across the small lake it was obvious to me that Kim was waiting along the lakeshore. Just as obvious was that she was scantly dressed in just a loose tubetop and mini shorts, walking barefoot on the stones near the shoreline.. Two days ago I wouldn't have given a shit, but for reasons that escaped me at the moment, the thought of what she might or might not be exposing besides her sexy breasts had my cock quickly growing in my shorts. "You're back!" She said surprisingly cheerfully as I motored silently up to the dock, only the soft whir of the motor and the sloshing of the water along the sides of the little aluminum boat making my presence known. "Have any luck?" "I did." I answered as I let the boat slide all the way to the shore and burry its bow gently on the small patch of sand next to the rickety little dock. I looped a rope around one of the cedar posts and then climbed out with my stringer of fish. "Oh. Those do look nice!" She said as she walked toward me, I guess sometime since I first spotted her from the middle of the lake, she’d removed her top & was wearing only the skimpiest of shorts, her large soft tits swinging and wiggling with each step. I walked to the end of the dock, to the cleaning table trying to ignore the fact that my cock was hardening even more in my pants at the sight of her practically perfect tits. She stepped up to me to watch, so close that one of her breasts brushed my arm gently as I worked to clean the fish, her attention riveted on my motions. "Is that all there is to it?" She asked after the third fish. "Yep. Wanna try one? "Can I?" "Sure." I answered, stepping to the side and holding the knife out for her. "Pick one and hold it belly side up. Yeah, like that." I said as she grasped the slippery fish the same way I had. "Now, see that spot there, that hole just up from his tail. Yeah, right there. Slip the tip of the knife in and carefully cut all the way up his stomach to his jaw. Yeah, just like that." I told her as she tentatively worked the knife along the belly of the fish toward the head. "A little more. Yeah, that's enough. Now, set it on the table belly side down. And cut just behind the front fins there. Yeah, cut down, but not all the way through. Just down through the backbone. Perfect. Now comes the messy part. Grab the head and bend it down." "Like this?" She asked as she bent the head down, breaking the remains of the backbone. "Yep, now just pull back toward the fish and it'll pull all his guts out." I coaxed her as she gently pulled on the head. "Harder." I said as she still wasn't pulling hard enough. I stepped behind her, reached around her and held her hands in mine, holding the fish with one and helping her pull with the other. "Oye!" She squeaked as the last of the skin by the fins broke loose and the whole intestinal track pulled out of the cut belly of the fish. "Perfect. Just toss that into the lake." I said as I let go of her hands. She tossed the fish guts toward the water, the jerk of her body bumping her against me and her practically bare ass against the front of my baggy shorts and my hard cock. "Now, just run your thumb along the inside of the fish and push that blood line out. Yeah, that's it." I coaxed, hoping she hadn't noticed my state of arousal. "And that's it." I said, stepping back. "I can think of a few men over the years that I might have wanted to clean that easily," she said with a giggle as she stepped to the edge of the lake to rinse her hands while I worked to clean the last two fish. "You do that so fast!" She said as she stepped up behind me to look over my shoulder as I finished the two remaining fish in the same amount of time that it took her to rinse her hands. "Practice. Been doing this for years." I answered, setting the fish on the clean end of the table and taking the metal pot hanging on one, off its hook. I put the fish in the pot and squatted down next to the lake to start rinsing them off. "Just have to clean them and they're ready for the pan." I said as I started washing the first fish. Kim stepped next to me, bending at the waist to watch me, her tits hanging right next to my face as I worked, each sexy orb swinging slightly with any movement she made. I worked methodically hoping she would lose interest and stand back up, but she stayed bent over me the entire time. I finally couldn't put it off any longer. I stood up and moved to the table again, hoping she wouldn't notice the huge bulge that had developed in the front of my shorts. I put the fish on the clean end of the table again and then used the pan to scoop water from the lake to rinse off the cleaning table. I squatted down one more time to clean my knife and my hands and then stood up, finding her standing with the six fish in her hands ready to head back to the cabin.  It was a rather tribal moment, The man comes back to camp, having a successful hunt. The woman takes the game and shows her gratitude to her provider. "Thank you," she said sweetly as we walked across the grassy yard toward the log cabin. "For what? Teaching you to clean a fish? You're welcome." I answered, a little surprised at her docile demeanor. "That and for not being obvious." "I don't understand." She stopped in front of me and said, "Stand still." I stopped next to her. "Okay." I answered, not quite sure what she wanted. She stepped over in front of me and quickly pressed her almost completely bare ass against the front of my shorts, rubbing it side to side, bouncing her crack across the bulge my hard cock was making. "For not being obvious about that," she said before she started walking again. "Uh. Sure." I answered as I followed her to the porch. She stood and waited for me to open the door, her hands still full of the mornings catch. She set the fish in the sink and then used a small pot of water sitting in the sink to dip her hands in before rubbing them with the bar of soap sitting on the edge. She rinsed them in the same pan and then dried them, stepping away from the sink to give me room to finish working with the fish. I looked around and the dishes were all done and the bed was made and I even saw where the broom that had been sitting near the fireplace had moved. "Looks nice." I answered, honestly appreciating her efforts to hold up her side of the bargain. "Thank you," she replied sweetly, sitting down in one of the chairs and watching me bag the fish and put them in the ice box. "How does that work? I mean there isn't any electricity up here." "The ice box? It's tied into the solar panels on the roof. When it's sunny it makes enough power to run the refrigeration system. It's got a big tub of water in the top that it freezes into a block of ice. Once it's frozen it can keep the ice box cold for a few days. That way if the sun doesn't shine for a few days nothing spoils. Kind of like an automatically replenishing cooler." "Oh. That's ingenious. Who figured that out?" "Well, I'd like to take credit for the idea, but it's not mine. I just built this one from an old freezer" "So, how do you know about this place? I thought you rented it?" "I do, sorta. My dad brought me up here when I was a kid. That was way before it was a ski lodge. The old man that owned it was getting really old and he sold it to my old man. When the ski lodge came in they made us a deal because they wanted the land. As I understand it, if we hadn't sold out we wouldn't be able to get here. They would have controlled the road. So we sold it to them on the understanding that they wouldn't build any more cabins on the lake, and that we got to use it for four weeks out of the summer. We had to arrange it, but the rest of the time they rent it out to others." I answered. "I've been coming here almost every year since I was six." "I can see why. It's perfect up here." "Tell you what. Let's make a couple sandwiches and I'll show you something even more beautiful." I suggested. "Sure. Let me. What do you want?" "Oh ham and cheese is good." I answered her as she got out bread and then opened the ice box to dig out things to make sandwiches with. While she made sandwiches I got a bucket of water from the lake and refilled the filter unit on the counter, letting the water flow through the Britta filter system into a pitcher. The lake was clean enough you could probably drink it directly, but these days it was always safer to filter it. I used the filtered water to fill four one liter water bottles and stuffed them in a small pack. She had the sandwiches done and wrapped in cling wrap and I stuffed them in the pack as well. "Do you have any good walking shoes and clothes?" "We going far?" "Not too far, but farther than you're going to want to go in those sandals." I said. "I have running shoes," She offered. "That'll due. You might also want to put more clothes on." "You don't like what I'm wearing?" "THAT I didn't say. Just a suggestion. That little slip of a swim suit doesn't even cover your ass." "It's not supposed to. That's why it's called a thong bikini," she said with a smile. "But if you don't like seeing my cheeks, I'll cover them up for you." "No. You can wear whatever you want. We're going to go walk through the brush. I thought you might want something a bit more protective, to avoid scraping your soft skin. Then there’s the very strong winds that can cause windburn. But you wear what you want." "Well, if you think I should," she said as she bent over her suitcase her bare ass pushing out at me as I stood there. She reached for her hips and pulled the strings of the bottom, pulling the tiny slip of material from between her legs, her pouting fat pussy lips now pushing out uncovered between her legs. "Damn." I breathed quietly as she stood bent over, unfolding her shorts and then stepping into them and finally standing straight up again. "There," she said turning for me to show off the white gauze croptop & a pair of skin tight mini shorts she now had on. "Better?" "Um. Yeah. I suppose so." I answered her as I picked up the pack. "Let's go." To be continued. By  m_storyman_x , for Literotica. Runways: Part 3 A Mountaintop Experience By  m_storyman_x  – listen to the Podcast at  Steamy Stories . "So where are we headed?" the supermodel asked as we walked across the grassy yard of the cabin towards the tree line. "Someplace special," was all I answered, as I aimed us for the small trail that looked like it led around the lake. The hike wasn't long, only about a half an hour, but it was up hill all the way. We finally broke free of the pines at the base of a barren rocky hillside. I held a hand out for her. "Let me help you here. I don't want you to fall." "Okay, but this hike is getting me too damned hot." she answered. She pulled her gauze white blouse over her head and tied it around her slender waist. Then taking my hand and letting me help her up the rock strewn hillside. I had a hard time not paying attention to the way her tits swung and bounced with each step, turning my cock once again rock hard before we had made it even a portion of the way up the hill, on my father’s mountaintop land. But we continued climbing, little trickles of sweat running down her naked top, down between and around her breasts as we climbed. She was clearly not used to this kind of effort, but I had to admit, for a change she made no complaint. "Here we are." I said as I let go of her hand and stood on the top of the rocky hill, able to look all the way around us. "This is the top of the mountain. Highest point around. Well except for those peaks over there. But they're way too steep to climb without special gear. This is the top of what the locals call baldy. "It's beautiful! You can see for miles," she said, moving slowly around me, looking in every direction at the land laid out far below us. "It's like being on an airplane without the airplane!" "Yeah. Sorta is, isn't it? Ready for some lunch?" "I am!" She said as she came over and sat down next to me on the rock. I dug in the bag and pulled out sandwiches and bottles of water. "That's yours," she said, pointing to the one made on rye. "I think I heard someplace you liked rye bread." "I do actually. Thank you!" I answered, smiling at her and taking the sandwich from her. "You know. I think this is the nicest you've been to me since I've known you." "Thank you. Self-preservation I guess. I don't want to get thrown in that damn lake again," she said with a giggle. "Well, I haven't seen any reason to do it again, so...mission accomplished." "Adam," she said quietly. "Yeah?" "I know you don't particularly like me. But I want to thank you for bringing me up here." "Aw hell. I don't dislike you. I just didn't expect you to be quite so..." "Bitchy?" She finished for me. "Yeah, bitchy." I agreed. "When you relax and try to be a normal person you can be quite... Not sure what word to use there." "Captivating... alluring... sexy...enticing?" She suggested, each time getting a shake of my head. "Pleasant." "Pleasant?" she asked curiously. "Uh huh. Pleasant.” I elaborated. “Pleasant to look at, pleasant to be around, pleasant to talk to. Pleasant." "Hmm, I would have thought your description would be more sexual than that. Most guys are." "I'll admit you're hot, but well, the idea of sex isn't exactly the first thing I'd say I think about when I see you." "That hardon you had while we were cleaning fish didn't say you weren't thinking about sex. And the hardon you have now doesn't say you aren't interested in sex." "Are you enticing, sexually? Of course you are. That's why you get paid what you do. Guys look at you and they wanna fuck you." I answered. "But you don't? Come on. With that hardon?" "Okay. I'll admit it. My body is interested in exploring your dark damp spaces. But to be honest, I'm actually just enjoying being able to share something like this view with you as a regular person, not a multi-million dollar super model." "If I was a regular person, would you want to fuck me?" "God what is it with you and fuck? Do you know any other way to say it?” I asked, looking into her eyes. “ Fucking is what you do with someone you don't care about." "So what do you want me to call it?" "Have sex, make love. Either work, if you care about a person. If not, I suppose fucking is as good a word as any to say it." Kim suddenly stood up and undid the front of her shorts. She pushed them down her legs and stepped out of them so she was naked except for her shoes. "What are you doing?" I asked as she leaned down and started undoing the front of my shorts. "Getting you naked," she said as if that were the most natural thing in the world to do at that moment. "Why?" I asked, reaching for her hand to stop her. "For the simple reason that you don't want to fuck me." "So, you want to get me naked why then?" She let go of my pants and stood over me, straightening up and looking around. "Actually, I thought you might want to just lay here in the sun naked with me. Because we can. We have the luxury of wonderful privacy, thanks to your family’s wonderful cabin and land. You don't have to though. I understand," she said, stepping across me and sitting on the rock again. She lay back and closed her eyes, letting her body soak in the sun on her front and heat from the rock on her back side. “This nudity is awesome! Now I think I understand the naturalists!” I looked at her for long seconds, trying to understand her. I stood up next to her and pushed my shorts off, freeing my rock hard cock to stick out in the sunshine. I skimmed off my t-shirt and dropped it next to my shorts and then lay down next to her in the sun. I lost track of how long we lay there, the sun baking the two of us. I started to think that maybe I'd get a good burn laying here too long and was about to suggest that we head back down when I felt her hand find mine. She stroked the back of my hand with her fingers, gently teasing her finger tips and nails on my skin. I lay there for long minutes as she stroked my hand before she wrapped her fingers around my hand and drew it up off the rock to her body, placing it gently on her hip, moving her fingers from around it back to the back of my hand again, stroking my hand as my palm and fingers lay on her bare skin. I really didn't know what she expected or wanted, and I really didn't want to ruin the surprisingly pleasant mood she had been in. She gently used her fingers to coax my hand more onto her body, working it closer to her bare mound until she had coaxed my finger to rest on the firm hump only inches from her pussy. "Would you like to touch me?" She asked softly. "Do you want me to?" "I wouldn't mind if you did," she said a little breathlessly, her hand leaving mine and reaching across to gently rest on me, her finger tips brushing my long since softened cock. "Kim. Are you horny?" I whispered. "Yes," she whispered back. "I really want to come but i want you to do it." "Why?" "Do I need a reason?" "No, but I do." I answered her. "What if I can't explain it?" "When you can, tell me." I whispered, starting to draw my hand away from her. "No! Please!" She practically begged, grabbing my hand with her other hand. She held my hand and pulled it down toward the juncture of her legs, spreading her legs and moving one across mine to give my hand access to her pussy. "Please," She whispered. I nodded, as much to myself as to her, and gently let my fingers stroke her surprisingly wet pussy lips. I felt her wetness as I dipped one finger between her lips, feeling her slick hot juices. She moaned softly, her fingers now stroking along my hardening cock, teasing along its length, concentrating on and around my head as my fingers gently stroked up and down her lips. I let my finger tease just into the entrance to her tunnel and then up to her clit, her hips trying to lift off the rocks toward my fingers with each stroke. "Do you like touching me?" She whispered breathlessly as her hand wrapped around my hard cock, giving it a gentle squeeze. "So you like me touching you?" "Uh huh." I answered honestly. "I'm glad. I like how you feel too," she said softly. I concentrated on her clit, still sliding my finger down to her tunnel entrance and back again, but spending longer and longer each trip circling and teasing her clit, her hips lifting and rocking, her body wiggling and writhing on the rocks as my fingers drove her body closer and closer to climax. "Oh gawd, Adam. You're going to make me come!" She moaned loudly. "You're going to make me come." While I was stroking her pussy she was busy stroking my cock, her hand moving slowly up and down my shaft, sliding all the way up to my head and over it, pushing my under used cock closer to shooting as well. "Shit. I'm going to come." I groaned, trying to hold back while I concentrated on her clit. "Do it!" She moaned loudly. "Let me make you come too! Oh shit I'm so close. So close." "Oh Fuck!" I grunted loudly as my orgasm hit, my hips bucking up off the rocks and shooting a stream of cum into the air, gravity taking hold and drawing it back down to land on my cock and her hand before another shot could lance up into the air. "Oh god. You're coming!" She cried softly as she felt my cock surging in her hand, her own climax deciding at that moment to unleash its chemical cocktail of hormones into her blood stream, making her whole body shake and tremble. "Fuck!" She groaned as she held my cock, her own body climaxing and leaking her juices between her legs onto the hot rocks. I lay there, still stroking her clit, not really able to pay all that much attention to what I was doing as my own climax surged through me, pumping shot after shot of cum out to collect on my chest, cock and her hand. She reached down to my hand and pressed hers over mine, stopping my motions but holding my fingers to her hot wet pussy. We lay there panting for long minutes before she let go of my cock and hand, pushing herself up onto one elbow to look at me. She leaned herself toward me, her tits pressing against my side and chest as she brought her face toward mine, her lips gently kissing my lips, her tongue teasing my lips softly. I kissed her back, letting her choose the pace and duration. She finally chose to break the long soft sensual kiss, holding her lips barely brushing against mine as she whispered a single short statement. "Thank you." Her eyes looking deeply into mine Thought she was done, but to my surprise she tilted her body over farther, her lips kissing my chest and then one of my nipples. She gently, slowly kissed her way down my body, finding the remains of my cum on my chest and gently licking it off of my skin before kissing lower. I couldn't help but get hard again at her attentions, my cock, growing in her hand as she kissed and licked closer and closer to it. The woman had a huge appetite for sensual pleasures. "You sure you want to do that?" I asked as she opened her mouth and closed it around my head, engulfing me with her hot lips. In response she swirled her tongue around my head, teasing me and gently moving her mouth up and down my shaft, teasing my again hard cock even harder as she stroked my shaft with her hand and lips. "Oh god." I groaned as she worked my cock slowly, teasingly. Her hot mouth teased my head and her tongue worked under and around my head, trying to find where I was most sensitive, and locating that spot with her tongue when I suddenly jerked in response to her touch. "Oh damn." Groaned, noticing a sound in the background, but not quite making the connection to anything more than another groan coming from my lips. "Oh god Kim." I groaned softly, my hips trying to lift toward her mouth as she worked my shaft. "So damn good." "Oh!" She cried suddenly, pulling her mouth from my cock. I didn't need to ask. I knew exactly what surprised her before I could ask. The cold drops started large and slow, the mixture of sun and ice cold rain drops a huge surprise. "Shit!" I grunted, sitting up and looking around. I could see it now. I'd heard the thunder and not connected the danger. Being on a mountain top weather wasn't what one expected. The sun was still shining from the west, but the clouds rolling up the mountain side from the north were just starting to top the mountain, the updraft carrying the first drops of rain up into the air to fall on us miles from the edge of the clouds. "We have to go!" I said abruptly, standing up and grabbing the backpack. I stuffed our clothes into the pack and grabbed her hand. "Now!" I said sternly. "I'm not afraid of a little rain. Slow down!" She said, pulling back at me. "Kim, you're not going to be in a gentle rain. And it's not going to be particularly warm." I said as I tried to pull her along. "You're at the top of a mountain. In a few minutes were going to be inside the clouds that are making this rain and what falls is going to feel like liquid ice. Think thawed blizzard." I said, pulling her without stopping. "Oh shit." Kim answered as the first wisps of cloud blew across the landscape in front of us. We were still a ways from the trees when the heavier fog rolled in over us, almost immediately chilling us with its clinging moisture. "Come on." I said, wrapping an arm around her shoulders and guiding her to where I knew the trees had to be, even though we couldn't see them for the thick fog. I preferred the fog, knowing what was coming next. I'd been caught in one of these on the lake once, only a short fifteen minutes from the cabin, but it was a miserable fifteen minutes that took hours to feel like I had warmed up from. This time we were a lot farther away and a whole lot less dressed. "You know where the trail is?" Kim asked with concern. "Yeah," I lied, "Just watch your step and we'll be fine." At least I thought I knew where the trail was, I just wasn't positive we hadn't wandered off target towards the cliff or the other direction toward the long slope that would take us eventually down to the lodge a couple thousand feet lower. We'd never even see it in this fog and if we could we'd have hypothermia long before we got there. "Stupid. I should have watched closer." I muttered as we walked, a few small trees appearing in front of us. "You couldn't know it was coming." Kim said as larger trees started to appear though the fog. "My job to watch. You couldn’t know, but I’ve made this mistake before. It’s something you vow to never let happen again. That is, if you survive the first time." I answered, as I turned us a bit farther to my right, hoping to find the trail ahead of me. "I let myself get distracted. I hadn't planned on staying up there that long." "Well, for what it's worth, I'm not blaming you." "But I am." I said, angry at myself. She frowned at me and almost snapped at me. "Knock it off. I'm a big girl. I can make my own choices. You don't have to protect me. I didn't ask for you to protect me. I asked for you to share something with me. Something I wanted and something I enjoyed. So we get a little cold on the way home. Deal with it!" Kim’s Hypothermic Therapy "Keep that thought." I muttered as I finally found the gap in the trees that heralded the trail. Forty minutes later we walked out of the woods into clearing of the cabin, both of us shivering uncontrollably in the torrential downpour of icy drops. Kim had been stumbling for the last half mile, her legs losing their coordination, the first sign of serious hypothermia. I carried her the last 200 feet to the cabin. We stumbled into the cabin and I dropped her into one of the chairs and grabbed a towel from my bag and moved to her, rubbing her body all over and then grabbing the heavy wool quilt and wrapping it around her. Still shivering myself, I used the sticks in the firewood box next to the fireplace to build a small fire, my hands almost shaking too hard to get the match struck. The small flame grew in the sticks and I carefully fed larger sticks and then small pine logs onto the fire, allowing it to quickly grow so that I didn't have to huddle over it to feel its heat. With the flames growing larger I stripped off the wet clothing that was robbing my body’s heat. I stepped to the chair and scooped Kim from it, drawing her with me to the bearskin rug in front of the fire. I peeled the blanket from around her shivering body and pulled her to me, pressing her bare skin against mine. I sat on the thick fur rug, then reached a hand up to Kim, to come lay on my chest. Then I wrapped the wool quilt over the two of us and lay down across the front of the fire, letting the heat slowly warm the quilt and the two of us inside it. I closed my eyes, my arms wrapped around her, holding her chest against mine, our legs tangled together in the blanket as we shivered together. The shakes soon turned into drowsiness. Her kisses woke me. Soft, gentle, caring. Soft sweet tender kisses on my cheeks, my nose and my lips, each one slow and unhurried. As I became more awake I could feel that we had warmed, no longer feeling the cold of the rain but the heat of the fire still seeping through the blanket. She’d slid over to my side, with one of her naked legs slung over mine. I could also feel her hand between us, wrapped around my cock, gently, slowly, tenderly stroking me as she kissed me. "Kim." I started to say, as I rolled a bit to face her. "Shush," she whispered before planting another soft kiss on my lips to quiet me. I felt her push with one leg, gently returning me onto my back, leaving her partly on top of me. She continued her kisses, softly and seductively kissing my lips as she teased my cock harder by the moment, finally using her knees to lift her hips up from mine, her soft tits still pressed against my chest. I felt her slide herself up my body as she pushed my dick down between her legs, guiding my engorged head to her wet lips. I felt emotionally safe with her. She’d become a completely different person in less than 24 hours. "Kim." I whispered as she straddled over me, then pushed herself back, letting go of my shaft and sliding her arm up my body to rest on the furry rug next to my body. "Shush," she half whispered, half moaned as she pushed herself back down my body, lowering her mouth to mine and pressing her lips to mind as my cock was slowly enveloped by her hot cunt. "Yum" she moaned as she lifted her chest from mine, and worked her knees up next to my hips. "Oh damn." I moaned as she lifted her lips from mine, her hips slowly rocking up and down, sliding her pussy on and off my rigid dick, working me deeper and deeper into her tunnel. "That's it. Just enjoy. Let me do this, please," she whispered. She was making love to me. Not just desiring sex. She wanted to please me. I was beyond wanting to stop her. Between her attentions on the mountain top and her attentions now, my body was more than ready to let her have her way. I let my hands slide up her hips and sides, reaching for her breasts. She grinned down at me and one by one, reached for my hands and pulled them away from her breasts, moving them to next to my own head and holding them there, clasped with her own as she slowly rocked on me, her rock hard nipples grazing back and forth across my chest with each stroke. "Does it feel good Adam?" "Very!" I groaned back as she continued to stroke on and off of me, the heat from the fire and the heat from our bodies making us both sweat in our loose cocoon. I could feel her soft tunnel stroking my shaft, teasing my engorged head with her tight confines. On and off she slid, her big tits dripping sweat onto my chest and sliding around, her nipples rubbing against mine. "Oh god," she moaned as she rocked on and off of me. "Oh god," she moaned again, her hips rocking and trying to grind her clit against the base of my cock with each new stroke. "Oh god, Adam. Oh god I'm going to come!" She gasped over and over as she continued rocking on me, her legs trembling and making it harder for her to continue rocking. "Oh god, Adam," she cried softly, practically whimpering, but refusing to let my hands go to participate in any way. "Come for me Adam. Come for me!" She practically begged. "Oh yeah. Almost." I moaned back at her as the tingles radiated out from my cock through all the reaches of my body. Her spasming pussy, already so tight, seemed to try and grab and milk me like her hand had done, trying to draw me into her as she stroked on and off of my fat shaft. "Gonna come." I grunted, knowing that I couldn't hold back any longer, even if I wanted to. "Oh shit!" She cried as my body bucked, jamming my cock deep into her and pumping a huge gush of cum up into her pussy. "Oh, Fuck Yes" She cried loudly, dropping onto my jerking body, her hands pushing mine farther over my head. Her big soft tits smashed flat against my chest, her mouth lowering to mine, her lips trying to kiss mine between gasps and moans. My body continued to buck several more times under her, adding more cum to the load already poured into her from within me. Finally I stilled under her, only an occasional jerk still showing my fading climax, my cock twitching within her as it started to soften. She lay on me, her breathing easing, but her lips still erotically working against mine. "God that was incredible." I whispered between kisses. "You liked it?" "Very much." I whispered. “You made love with amazing insights into my soul.” "I'm glad," she said as she let go of my hands and slowly pushed herself up off of me. She tossed the blanket off of us and sat up on my hips, trapping my cock inside her as I softened. I reached for her hips and gently stroked my fingers up and down them before she reached for my hands and pulled them to her breasts, pressing my palms against her still hard nipples. "You know. I don't know what it is about your hands, but i want them on my body all the time for some reason." "Oh?" "Uh huh. Ever since you made me come, up there. I just want to be naked and have your hands all over me." "Not that I'm complaining, because I'm not. But why?" I asked. "If I knew, I'd tell you. Why did you do what you did up there?" "I don't know exactly. I just wanted to." I admitted "Me too," she answered with a smile, still sitting on me, her hands on mine, encouraging me to squeeze her breasts. "Thank you. For letting me do that." "Trust me, it was my pleasure." I answered with a smile. "I think we need something to eat though." "You don't want me sitting on you anymore?" "I'm not minding one bit." I chuckled. "But I do have a question." "Yeah? What's that?" she asked, leaning down against my hands sliding off her chest as she lowered her tits to my chest, her face inches from mine. "Why aren't you always like this?" "Like what?" "Soft, sweet, sexy, intimate, wonderful, caring, alluring, sensual, did I say incredible yet?" "No, you didn't." "Well. Incredible. Since I hadn't said it yet. I've never known you to be like this. What happened? What changed?" "You did the one thing that was required of any man who wanted me to be this way. You earned my respect and you treated me with respect. No one else deserved this side of me." "How did I earn your respect?" I asked a little confused. "Well, throwing me in the lake the first day was a start. You showed me that you set limits and that you weren't going to let me push you around. Second, you showed me skills. You showed me you believed in me. In my abilities that I hadn’t yet discovered. Not just how to get around town or do your job, but skills in many things. Not only could you do things, you weren't afraid to teach me how to do them as well. And the third thing, maybe the most important, you showed me compassion and respect when I clearly didn't deserve it. Those are the hallmarks of a man worth working to keep. Those are the things I've been looking for in a man for the last fifteen years." "I think you over estimate me." I answered. "And did I mention that you are an overly modest man?" She asked with a giggle. "Now, we only have one problem." "Yeah?" "Well, two actually." "Okay, what two problems?" "First, I know you like Amy. The question is can you treat her as well as you treat me, because we do come as a package deal. She's like a sister to me and we share absolutely everything." "Everything?" "EVERYTHING!" She answered emphatically, wrinkling her nose before she smiled. "What's the second problem?" "How do we call her and tell her to come out here and join us? There's a lot of the two weeks left to find out if we can make this work." Cryptic Messages In some ways it wasn't quite fair. I mean I've never been one to be deceitful, but in this case it seemed like the right thing to do. Kim was waiting back at the Rocky Mountain cabin and my job was to get Amy there without any argument. I stood by the plane as the car door opened. "Adam! What's' going on? Your phone call was more than a little bit cryptic," Amy asked as she practically ran across the tarmac at the Chicago DuPage County Airport, pulling the wheeled suitcase behind her. "Oh. Kim is having an absolute fit. She's demanding that you come at once and refusing to come home until you come get her," I said with a scowl. "You so owe me for screwing up my vacation!" I said pretending to be angry as I took the case from her and stuffed it into the hold under the cabin of my twin engine turbo prop. Truth be told I'd had a bit of a crush on Amy since I started flying her and Kim around the country. I'd of course told her about it, sorta, but been shut down cold every time I'd tried to entice her into anything personal. As Kim had told me, Amy was the perfect professional personal assistant. She was a whiz at keeping her schedule in order, able to handle a myriad of details without bothering Kim and in some cases, was as adept at running the lingerie business every bit as good as Kim. The only real difference was that Amy wasn't a super model. In her own right she was good looking. Five and a half feet, not skinny but not fat, modestly large chest, creamy white skin and short cut auburn hair. To me she looked damn sexy, no matter what she was wearing. Today, in a tight fitting, short skirted dress, she looked even more so. I followed her up the stairs to the plane, closing the stairway door just in time to watch her bend over and thread her way into the right hand co-pilots seat of the plane, her skirt pulling up far enough to show me that she had on pink lacy panties under the powder blue dress. "I'm so sorry. I know I pushed you to take her. I'll make it up to you somehow," she said as I stepped over the center console and settled into the left seat. I handed her a pair of bulky headphones with a microphone attached and then picked up my own somewhat slimmer designed headset and mic. I remained silent as I flipped through the startup procedure, spinning both turbines up before keying the microphone. "Dupage tower. X-ray Alpha Gulf Foxtrot Seven ready for departure." "Roger X-ray Alpha Gulf. You are cleared to taxiway W William to Runway 2 Left. Hold at the ramp." "Roger. Taxiway W William to 2 Left and hold," I answered as I throttled up, the only aircraft at the moment on the tarmac with an engine running. In moments we were bouncing along the narrow strip of pavement that would take us all the way south to the very end of the seventy-five hundred foot runway. It was well more than we'd need with the light load I had on board, but I wasn't going to complain. I stopped just before reaching the end of the runway and checked both engines and props, making sure everything was working properly before radioing the tower back. "Dupage tower. X-ray Alpha Gulf holding at two Left." "Roger X-ray Alpha Gulf, you are cleared onto the runway. Depart turning left and contact Chicago flight following at five thousand." "Roger that tower. X-ray Alpha Gulf rolling," I answered. Taking off from a smaller airport like this one was always more relaxing than trying to fight the big boys at someplace like O'Hare or Midway. I let off the brakes and rolled onto the end of the runway, turning the plane to line up down the center line before pushing the throttles full on. "So how long?" Amy asked over the headset as the plane launched itself up from the pavement and I snapped the landing gear handle into the stow position. "About four hours, sooner if the wind doesn’t fight us, and we can avoid any August storms." I answered, letting my voice soften, no longer having to maintain the fiction that I used to get her here and on the plane. I reached into my pocket and pulled out the envelope that Kim had for her, an envelope I wasn't supposed to give to her until we were in the air. "What's this?" "A note from Kim," I answered. "What's it say?" "I dunno. She told me not to read it," I answered with a shrug. "Chicago center, X-ray Alpha Gulf Foxtrot Seven climbing to fifteen thousand." "Roger X-ray Alpha Gulf Foxtrot Seven. Climbing to fifteen thousand." "And you didn't? Read it I mean?" she asked as she unfolded the paper. "Nope. I guessed it wasn't my business. I'm just following orders to get you on the plane and get you there anyway I can." Amy frowned and looked down at the note, reading it slowly. She flipped the paper over and back again, as if looking for more information. "And you have no idea what this is about?" "All I know is that I have specific orders from her highness to fetch you. She said everything else you needed to know was in the note." "But it doesn't tell me all that much." "Well, she was adamant. She wasn't coming home until you got there. I couldn't very well leave her there forever, could I?" "Well, no. But what triggered this? I mean did you do anything to her?" "Besides throw her ass in the lake the first day? Not really," I answered. "You really threw her in the lake?" "Yep. Picked her up, hauled her ass over my shoulder to the end of the pier and threw her right into the water. She was none too happy about it either." "I don't imagine she was," Amy answered quietly. To be continued. By  m storyman x , for Literotica. Runways: Part 4 Amy’s Trip to the Rockies By  m storyman x  – listen to the Podcast at  Steamy Stories . "All I know is she wanted you to follow the directions in the note. I have no idea what it is, but as long as it doesn't crash the plane, I'd say it'd be best to do them. I mean you know how damn irritating she can get when her suggestions aren't followed." "Suggestions? Is that what you call em?" "She thinks they're suggestions." I chuckled. "She does?" "Yeah." I said. "So. In the last three days, you two have, what? Chatted?" "Well, there isn't all that much to do up there if you don't fish or hike, and you know how much she loves the outdoors." "Yeah. Sometimes I wonder if she'd even go outside at all if she could avoid it." Amy said. "I understand. So what's the note say?" "Just some personal stuff." "Personal stuff?" I persisted. "Yeah. You know. Personal stuff." "Okay. So that personal stuff made me fly all the way back to Chicago, not counting the nearly two hours of a rough Jeep ride down the mountain and back up. I'd kinda like to know what kind of personal stuff was so important." "She's mad at me." Amy admitted. "About?" I asked as I leveled the plane off at fifteen thousand feet. "Hang on a second. "Chicago center. X-ray Alpha Gulf Foxtrot Seven level at fifteen thousand." "Roger X-ray Alpha Gulf Foxtrot Seven. Contact Minneapolis center on three two one point three zero. Have a good day!" "Roger Chicago center. Switching to Minneapolis center on three two one three zero." I answered. Before turning back to Amy. "So why's she mad at you?" "Because of you." "Me?" I asked. "Uh huh. You told her that I would sleep with you for a weekend if you took her with you." "Yeah. I did. Just kinda came out in a discussion." I explained. "A discussion? Must have been some discussion." "Actually, it was an angry one. But then that first day we had more than one of those." "I take it she didn't much like the trip?" "She didn't like the ride up to the cabin, she didn't like that there's no indoor plumbing, she didn't like that there's no cell phone service up there, no electricity, and no computer. Should I go on? It only took me about five minutes and I'd had enough and threw her in the lake. The conversation came later." "So you what? Threatened to bring her home and she's now refusing?" "Something like that. Said she wasn't going anywhere until I went and got you. So here I am." "So here we are," she agreed. "What was so bad about the ride to the cabin?" I looked over at her sitting in her high heels and light weight mini-dress, the front plunge neckline cut down well below her very hefty breasts, thinking just how much fun I was going to have on the drive up the mountain, since that particular style dress pretty much prevented wearing any kind of bra. I'd always thought she had pretty nice looking tits, though I'd never seen them bare. I suspected that before the day was out I would. We made good time and soon landed at Crested Butte. Ten minutes of work to prep the plane for storage again and we were off in the well-worn Jeep. As the wind whipped around through the missing doors it kept blowing her skirt up her legs. I couldn't help but grin to myself at the sight of her lacy pink panties, the hard cock growing in my shorts. While I found Kim attractive, physically, I found Amy attractive in many more ways. I'd always wondered why she's spurned my obvious flirts, until Kim dropped the bomb on me that the two of them were more than just friends, but lovers as well. But even knowing that didn't stop my body from reacting to the attraction I felt for her. I turned off the highway and onto the gravel road, the Jeep bouncing and jolting at each hole, making her large tits bounce enticingly in the dress top. My stiff cock was almost uncomfortable in my shorts by the time I pulled off the gravel onto the winding dirt track I called a road up to the cabin. We bounced and jostled over the rough track, Amy's lovely boobs bouncing clear out of the top of her dress every so often. "It's getting late. We should have stopped for supper," she said, hanging onto the seat with one hand and the windshield with the other "Not a problem. Kim said she'd have dinner ready when we got back," I said as I gripped the wheel with both hands as I approached the same log that Kim had stripped at. "Kim? Cook? You do live dangerously!" she said as the front wheels launched over the log, the Jeep coming down hard on the other side. I eased the rear wheels up to the log and bounced over it, stopping on the other side. I shut the engine down, letting the sounds of the wind through the pines waft over us. "So. This is pretty much where it started." "Where what started?" Amy was confused. "The conversations. She was having some wardrobe trouble, kind of like you," I said nodding down toward the front of her dress where one of her large round breasts had shifted enough to completely expose one of her nipples and about half of her areola. She looked down, squeaked a little and pulled her dress top to cover her exposed nipple. "Sorry about that," she mumbled, blushing a little. "No need to apologize. I've been enjoying the view," I answered honestly. "Anyway, she was having more trouble than that, and I said I'd let her change into something more appropriate. Surprisingly, her version of more appropriate was to get completely naked." "She stripped? Right here?" "Uh huh. Rode the rest of the way up to the cabin naked. Worked out okay though. That way she didn't have a lot of wet clothes when I threw her in the lake." "Well, she's been seen by a lot of guys naked. I guess you're just one more on the list." "Yeah. Sorta. I agreed that it wasn't fair and let her convince me to strip too." "You? You stripped naked with her?" "Well, after her, but yeah," I said suddenly feeling a little self conscious. "And she wanted you to?" Amy marveled. "She said it was the fair thing to do." "Sometimes I don't understand her." "Well, you'll understand this less then. She wanted you to do the same thing. Something about if you showed up at the cabin dressed that she'd personally throw You into the lake, and the lake isn't exactly warm." "She wants me to strip? In front of you?" "That's what she said." "And if I don't?" "You get thrown in the lake, and just so you know, the lake temperature right now is about sixty degrees." "And what? You're supposed to just sit there and watch me?" "Nope. I'm supposed to strip with you." I added. "Wait. She wants both of us to get naked? What's she thinking?" "She's your boss. You tell me." I rebutted. "Well, I'm not going to! Not in front of you!" she said, crossing her arms over her chest. I looked down at my watch. "Well, we've got plenty of time. You made better time to the airport than I expected," I said, leaning back and putting one foot up on the hump between the seats. She sat for long seconds, her arms crossed in front of her. "Why?" she finally asked. "Why what?" "Why do I have to get naked?" "I guess because she wants you too." "I think it's just to humiliate me." "Humiliate you? How so? I mean weren't you the one that suggested that you'd have sex with me for a whole weekend to get me to take her on vacation with me? I mean, come on now. Getting undressed in front of me is now somehow humiliating? You'd have to have gotten undressed in front of me for that, right?" "Well. Yeah." "So getting undressed to get me to take her wouldn't be, but getting undressed after I did, is?" "That does sound kind of stupid, doesn't it?" Amy admitted. "Uh huh." "So you have to get undressed too?" She said, not quite believing my claims. "That's what she said." "Okay. So you go first." Amy negotiated. "Alright. As long as you realize that I'm not moving this Jeep until you're naked," I said as I moved to climb out of the Jeep. I pulled my t-shirt off and tossed it on the seat, quickly skimming my shorts off and tossing them on the pile I was making. I took a quick, deep breath and pushed down my boxer briefs, my hard cock poking out and waving around as I lifted each leg to step out of my underwear. I added the underwear to the pile and then moved the whole pile between the seats. "Okay. Your turn," I said as I sat back down in the bucket seat, my dick sticking up like a flag pole. She sat, staring at my engorged shaft and mushroom head. "God you're hard. Are you turned on by this? By me getting naked?" "A bit," I answered honestly. "I mean you know that I've been attracted to you since I met you. I’ve been upfront about that. Having your tits popping out of that dress all the way up here hasn't hurt any either." The Requisite Nude Arrival "God damn. Men are all the same. Fine. You wanna see me naked?" she asked as she undid her seat belt and stepped out of the Jeep. She quickly pulled the dress up and over her head, tossing it between the seats before reaching down and pushing the tiny pink lace panties down and off, her easily D cup tits swinging side to side as she stepped from foot to foot. Her nipples were nearly as large around as my index finger, sticking out almost as far as they were wide, each one centered in the middle of a three inch or larger pink circle of puckered areola. Her stomach was trim, but not muscular, and her thighs looked creamy and soft. Unlike Kim, she wasn't uniformly tanned, leaving large cream colored triangle shaped patches on each breast and between her legs. Unlike Kim, she wasn't shaved, but had a nicely trimmed little arrow of dark auburn curls pointing toward her fat puffy pussy lips. I lost sight of her below the waist as she walked around the Jeep, stopping at the door space next to my seat. "Well? You wanna do it here?" "Huh?" I asked stupidly. She stepped to the side and rested her hands on the back fender, bending over and sticking her ass out, her big tits swinging below her chest. "That's the idea isn't it? That's what all you guys want. Get em naked and then fuck em? Well, I promised you a fuck, why not come get it?" I shook my head in amazement. "You know. This is the kind of thing I'd have expected from Kim. Not you. You've always been nice, sweet, gentle. This... This is... This is just not the YOU I've seen." "Well, it's the me you get when you wanna treat me like a piece of meat. So come fuck me and get it over with." I didn't bother to move from my seat. "Yeah. I'd love to have sex with you. But not like this," I said shaking my head. "Why not? You're a guy, right? Isn't that the goal? Strip um and fuck um?" "Not all guys are like that. I’m surprised by your bigoted prejudices" "The hell they aren't," she said as she straightened up and started back around the Jeep. She climbed in and buckled her seat belt. "Well. I'm naked. Let's go." "If you say so." I answered, reaching down and starting the engine. I was more than a little surprised at her sudden change in demeanor, and I had no idea what had caused it. Since I'd known her she'd been nothing but sweet. While the naked thing, suggested by Kim, was supposed to be a bit of an ice breaker between the two of us, something that Kim THOUGHT that Amy wanted. Now I wasn't so sure. Maybe going to get her had been a big mistake. Maybe something in the note, which I hadn't read, and now wished I had, was provoking this response. Either way, I wasn't nearly as turned on as I was only minutes ago. Even watching her bare breasts bounce and sway as we made our way up the rough road wasn't having the effect on me one would expect. No, suddenly I wasn't convinced that the rest of the week was going to be all that my mind had conjured up. "So. What did her note say?" I asked as we bounced through a particularly deep rut. "Just some stuff," she said evasively. "Is that what's got you upset?" I asked, gripping the wheel tightly and glancing over at her. "Partly." "Partly? What's the other part?" "You." She blurted. "Me? What did I do?" "Well, for one thing, you weren't exactly honest with me." I was pretty sure I knew what she was talking about, me telling her it was an emergency to get her out here. But I wasn't going to offer. "How so?" I asked, instead. She twisted herself in her seat and glared at me. "You said this was an emergency. Somehow, getting naked in the woods with you doesn't FEEL like an emergency. You also got naked with Kim. That by itself isn't exactly normal. Have you been fucking her too?" I stopped the Jeep and looked over at her. "I thought you two were lovers. What makes you think that she'd even have any interest in having sex with a guy, let alone me?" "Just the fact that she told you that, makes me believe something else is going on here. She wouldn't say that unless you'd tried to push yourself on her. Is that what made her so mad? You got naked around her and couldn't keep your hands off of her? I thought you were different. I though you weren't like other guys, wanting to get into her pants just because of how she looks. How could I have been so wrong?" "I think you better ask her," I answered with a frown, dropping the Jeep into a lower gear and letting out the clutch again. I was suddenly glad that the cabin was only a couple more turns away. We rolled into the grassy front yard of the cabin, the road just sort of ending where the ground leveled out. Kim must have heard us drive in, stepping out of the door as we rolled to a stop a dozen yards from the front porch. She was wearing high heel wedges. and a flowery, flowing dress that was semi-sheer, her body teasingly visible through the thin material. Somehow she'd managed to get her hair done up and makeup on so that she looked every bit the model as she did when she stepped onto the plane four days ago. "AMY!" Kim said cheerfully as she stepped off the porch toward us. "Oh. I see that Adam took my suggestion. Did you enjoy the drive up naked as much as I did?" "Your suggestion? I thought it was an order. A direct command," Amy said sharply, as she looked over at me climbing out of the Jeep. "Well, suggestion, order. They're pretty much the same, aren't they?" "Not so much," Amy said as she slipped out of the seat. "So how much has he taken advantage of you?" Amy wanted to know. "Taken advantage of me? Why would you think such a thing? He has been the consummate gentleman. He's shown me things that I had no idea existed, and he's included me in things that I never thought I'd do." Amy looked at me as Kim hooked an arm around her shoulders and drew her toward the cabin while I pulled her suitcase from the back of the Jeep. "He didn't force himself on you? Make you have sex with him?" Kim laughed. "Make me? When has any man ever MADE me have sex with them?" "But you told him about us. You told him about our relationship," Amy said in confusion as Kim led her into the one room cabin with me following behind her with her suitcase. "I did. I thought it was important for him to know, if we were going to be sleeping together. Adam is trustworthy. He earned my trust, and more importantly, my respect." "Sleeping together as in sleeping, or sleeping together as in fucking?" Amy asked. "Yes," Kim answered simply. "So he did force himself on you!" "Certainly Not!" Kim answered. "No. he didn't. In fact, the first time we did anything we were laying on the top of the mountain in the sun and I asked him, actually I pulled his hand between my legs, and he fingered me off to a very pleasant orgasm. Sex didn't come until later." "So you asked him for sex?" "I did. And to his credit, he even resisted. He was a perfect gentleman that first night. Even rolling over so that I had privacy while I cleaned up. I wasn't exactly used to washing myself in a little pan of hot water, but I made due. The next day we went on a hike and he showed me the top of the mountain. That's where we played with each other. And yes, it was My request. Even then, with me laying completely naked next to him, my hand rubbing his quite pleasant cock, he still didn't press me for sex. It wasn't until after the storm and getting warmed up by the fire that I made love to him. I took the initiative and yes my sweet Amy, I made love to him right here in front of the fireplace." "But you swore off men years ago." "As did you. Do you remember why?" "Yeah. Men are thick headed jerks that want nothing more than to bang you and leave you like a used piece of trash," Amy said with a frown. "We were wrong, Amy. Not all men are that way. Some are even pretty decent. But there are some that are even more than decent. The one thing that Adam did that really changed my mind about him was that he threw me in the lake!" "And that told you he was a nice guy? Hell it sounds like he was being mean." "On the contrary," Kim said as she started moving around the small room, setting plates on the table. "I was the one being mean. In fact, I was being a royal pain in his ass. And because of that, he threw me in the lake. He’s a man of his word.” "Doesn't sound like a very nice thing to do." Kim pulled a tray from the ice box and carried it to the small counter by the stove. "Actually, it was exactly what he said he'd do. And he did it, despite the fact that I could have fired his ass for it!" she said as she lit two burners on the stove. "What are you doing," Naked Amy asked, stepping over to the stove to see what Kim was doing. "Cooking dinner. Fried potatoes and fresh trout." "But you don't know how to cook!" "I know how to cook this. Adam taught me. Very patiently I might add," Kim said with a smile. "And you know what? The fish? I caught them and cleaned them myself!" she said proudly. "You? You went fishing?" "I did. Adam taught me how to cast the fly and coached me. I caught all three of these," she said with a smile. "I never knew something like that could be so much fun!" Amy looked at me in confusion. "So this isn't an emergency where you're refusing to come home until I come get you?" "Well. In honesty, I wouldn't call it an emergency. But yes. I was refusing to come home until you came," Kim answered as she carefully placed potato slices into the oil she'd poured in one of the big cast iron pans. "Now you and Adam go sit on the bed while I cook." "On the bed?" Amy asked. "Of course. It's much more comfortable than these hard wooden chairs," she said, as she turned toward me. "Go on Adam. Out of the kitchen!  I mean it. Go sit with her on the bed. No better yet, why don't you lay down with her. Much more comfortable. And before you ask, Amy, no, you can not put any clothes on." Kim gave clear orders. "Why?" Amy asked, her brow furled. "Because. Since you two met several months ago, he's had a thing for you. He tried to ask you out, but that didn't fly. So now that he's seen you naked, I’s you’ve been enjoying the wonderful view of his amazing cock; I think he should have a chance to also feel you naked. So go snuggle up while I cook this!" I walked to the bed and lay down on close to the wall, propping my back up on a rolled pillow to a reclined position so I could still see Kim working at the stove. Amy seemed irritated as she walked over and sat down on the bed, hard. She was clearly doing this under protest. Kim turned to look across the small room at us. "Damn Amy! I thought you liked Adam!" I couldn't see her face, but I could hear the frown in her voice. "I didn't say I didn't, but that doesn't mean I need to lay naked with him." "Have it your way," Kim said, turning to face the two of us. She reached down to the hem of her dress and pulled it up, skimming it up over her head and tossing it toward the suitcase sitting near the wall, leaving her in nothing but her high heels. I could hear the potatoes starting to sizzle in the pan of hot oil behind her as she stepped over to us. She leaned down and cupped both of Amy's tits as she leaned her face down to Amy's. I could almost hear a moan in the soft sigh Amy let slip as she and Kim's hot wet lips sucked and teased each other, Kim's hands continually working her friend’s soft round breasts. She let go of Amy's tits and slipped her hands around her sides to coax her to move on the bed, getting her to slide back and farther up toward me before gently pushing her back as she broke the long seductive kiss. As Amy's body pressed against mine, with Amy’s head on my right shoulder and her ass resting partly over my hip, Kim reached her hands to mine and pulled them around Amy's body, pressing them over the tits she'd so recently been playing with. "Why don't you let Adam keep you warmed up while I finish cooking?" she whispered before straightening and moving back to the stove. Amy ceased fighting against the idea, but remained passive, with her arms crossed over her belly. I gently began to massage Amy's soft breasts with both of my hands, my cock once again rock hard and pressing against her side. This time Amy didn't object as I squeezed and kneaded her soft tits, letting my thumbs gently slide back and forth across her hard nipples and puckered areola. She took a deep breath and let it out slowly, clearly enjoying my attention. I could hear the sizzle of fish as Kim laid the first of the three fish into the second pan of hot oil, though I doubted that Amy was paying any attention. She'd let her head roll in against my chest, her eyes closed as I gently teased her hard nipples. I let my left hand side down from her breast across her firm smooth stomach, gently teasing my fingers through her curly trimmed bush. I felt her momentarily stiffen in my arms, clearly unsure if she really wanted me to touch her where my hand was quite obviously headed. She didn't spread her legs or give me any indication at all that she wanted me to either continue or stop, so I let my hand reach to her left thigh and gently stroke my fingers up and down it, while my other hand continued to stroke and massage her right breast. She got goosebumps when I made first contact with her inner thigh, but within a few breaths, her body started hungering for more. She slowly relaxed against me as my fingers stroked up and down her thigh, slowly moving to the inside of her leg. I felt her weight shift slightly as she spread her legs, finally allowing my fingers to stroke all the way up her thigh to her pussy lips. I took that as an invitation, though a timid one. I let my fingers slow as they reached the juncture of her legs, letting just one finger stroke up and around the side of her pussy, more in the crease of her leg than on her full round pussy lip. I stroked down again, as far as my arm could reach before starting up again, this time her hand connecting with mine as I approached the end of my stroke. She drew my hand closer to her pussy, not letting go until my fingers were on her very wet lips. I could feel the hot wetness seep into my fingers as I pressed them gently against her round outer lips and the small amount of inner lip protruding. I pressed my middle finger gently and felt it slip between her lips, easily dipping into the wet depths between them. I slowly stroked my finger up, drawing it along her pubic bone, until I finally felt the hard press of her clitoris. "Oh fuck," she moaned softly as my finger drew along her hard nub, a slight shudder racing through her body. I dipped my finger back down between her lips, sliding it along and between her lips until I could feel the entrance to her soft depths. I curled my finger and let it press into her as she rolled her hips toward me, encouraging me to press into her. I drew my finger slowly out of her again, stroking up the length of her slit until I once again found her clit, stroking across and around it for long seconds. I started back down toward her entrance again, but her hand found mine and drew it back up again. "Don't stop. Please don't stop," she moaned, pressing my fingers against her clit as she drew her feet onto the bed and pushed her knees apart, spreading her pussy for my fingers. "If you want," I whispered, concentrating my strokes on and around her hard exposed clit. I worked the tip of my finger across her hard nub, rolling it and stroking it before circling my finger around and around it. I heard her moans grow in depth and length as she tried to push her pussy toward my hand, her arms and legs periodically shuddering. "Oh god," she whispered as the shudders grew in intensity. "Oh God!" she cried loudly, her whole body seeming to dissolve into shudders against me. I continued to stroke her clit until she reached for my hand and drew it away, whispering "enough" breathlessly. "If you two are done, dinner is ready," Kim said from where she stood next to the little kitchen table, wearing the gray t-shirt I'd loaned her days before to cook in. Cooking fried food naked isn't exactly what I would call fun. Maybe fun to look at, but definitely NOT fun when the food spatters at you. "Um. Yeah. Sure," Amy said, gently pushing herself up off of me without looking back at me. She got up and walked to the table without looking at me. I pushed myself off the bed and headed to the table, my hard cock swinging side to side with each step. Pulling out a chair I sat down across from where Kim stood, Amy on my left and an empty chair on my right for Kim. "Looks great!" I said with a smile, looking up at a beaming Kim. "You've got this dish down pat! Ready for something new tomorrow?" "I think maybe," Kim said as she sat in the chair across from Amy. She looked across the table at her friend expectantly. "You cooked this?" Amy asked, picking up her fork and using it to flake a section of trout off the bones. "You saw me. Well, mostly saw me. When you weren't in the throes of ecstasy that is." "I wasn't in the throes of ecstasy!" Amy snapped as she lifted the fork of fish to her mouth. "Damn! This is good!" "Thank you!" Kim beamed. "In the morning you can try my other specialty. Ham and eggs. Still trying to get the eggs right though. You know. I never knew how hard it was to make over easy really come out over easy and not broken scrambled messes!" "You cook breakfast too?" "Uh huh. Adam taught me. Said that everyone should know how to make enough things to survive on," Kim said as she scooped some fish into her own mouth. Yumm. Almost as good as sex." "Seriously? As good as sex?" Amy asked with a chuckle. "Well, average sex anyway. I mean not Adam sex. Hell, I don't think I've ever eaten a meal that tops how that makes me feel." "So you two have been having a regular sex party?" Amy asked, her face darkening in apparent anger. "I wouldn't call it a sex party. More like an intimate sharing of some really incredibly wonderful moments. He makes me climax so damn hard, no matter how we do it. I mean it's almost mind blowing how well he can manipulate my body to make my climax hold off and hold off until I'm ready to scream and then it washes over me like a tidal wave! God he's good at that!" To be continued. By  m storyman x , for Literotica. Runways: Part 5 Jealously Among Women By  m storyman x  – listen to the Podcast at  Steamy Stories . "Well. Glad you're having such a good time fucking him. I guess you don't really need me for anything then, do you?" Amy snapped angrily as she pushed away from the table and got up. She walked out of the cabin in nothing but her shoes, the screen door slamming loudly as she left. "Oh. I better go talk to her," Kim said quietly as she got up. "It'll be alright. I promise." "Sure," I said as she headed toward the door her friend had just left through. How could things have gone so wrong? I'll admit that I'd had more than a few fantasies on the way to Chicago and back about having sex with both of them, but suddenly the person I was most interested in having a relationship with was the person that seemed most upset by the fact that Kim and I were having sex. I shook my head and went back to eating what Kim had cooked, partly because I didn't want to waste what she had done such a nice job on and partly because I knew I wasn't wanted outside just then. Kim came back in about fifteen minutes later, my food gone and place cleared from the table. She looked at me and shrugged, walking to the shelf where we kept bug spray and took a can of deep woods Off down from the shelf. "I'm going to finish dinner. Why don't you go out there and spray her down. If she's going to stay out there naked she's going to get eaten alive." "Yeah. If you think that's a good idea." "I think she'll appreciate it later. She's down by the lake." "Okay," I answered, taking the can from her and heading out the door. I could see her sitting in one of the wooden Adirondack chairs we'd moved from the porch to sit by the little fire pit next to the lake. I walked across the grass toward her and stopped next to her chair. "Kim said I should come out and spray you up. The skeeters will be coming out soon and they love sexy bare skin," I said, trying to lighten what I expected to be an awkward conversation. "Sure," she said simply, pushing herself to stand up. "Go ahead." Her body language was still cold and rejecting. Her arms were crossed as she stared out over the lake. I shrugged and sprayed up and down her legs and across her body before moving to her back side and spraying it as well. "Um. I need to get a few more places." I said, knowing there were a few hidden spots that were still exposed. "Like?" "Under your breasts." "Oh. Go ahead then," she said sounding almost sad. I stepped towards her and lifted each breast, spraying lightly under each one before letting it hang down again. Last I sprayed some on my hand and gently reached between her legs, rubbing the wet liquid into the juncture of her legs, trying to keep it off her pussy lips. "There," I said when I had finished. "Thanks," she said, sitting back down, clearly not interested in saying anything else. I moved down wind, well as down wind as I could be in the almost non-existent breeze and sprayed myself down before sitting down in the chair next to hers. "I guess this was my fault," she said after long minutes of silence. "What is?" "You and Kim." "What about us?" "Well. You having sex with her and her liking it. Hell, she likes more than that. She likes you. She likes how you treat her. She likes how you make her feel. She likes you for you!" "She's a beautiful woman. Not just outside. But when she actually opens up, she's got a very attractive personality. I've never seen it before, but it's there." "Yeah. It is. I see it when we're alone together. Not when she's dealing with other people, but when we're in bed alone, yeah she's really tender and caring." "When she said you two were lovers, I kinda thought that maybe it was a sex of convenience thing. I had no idea that you were as emotionally tied to her as you are. And here I was, trying to get you to go out with me." "Well. It was a little tempting, but when I thought about it, I kind of felt like I would have been cheating on her." "And here she is, cheating on you with me." "Something like that." "Not sure what to say. I had no idea. I mean her getting naked was her idea. Hell, having sex was her idea, not mine." "I know." "So where does that leave us? For that matter, where does it leave you two?" "Does it matter?" "Of course it does." "Why? I mean we didn't have a relationship before, why should it matter if we do now?" she asked, never taking her eyes off some distant spot across the lake. "Maybe because I wanted to have a relationship with you. I'll admit it. Life can be a bit lonely. It's been a long damn time since I've had a woman in my life. Lately, it's felt like my lover is my airplane." "Well, I guess you don't have to worry about that any more. I'm sure Kim will give you all the sex you can handle." "Who said it was all about sex?" "Isn't it? Isn't it for all men? I mean men aren't exactly known for their soft cuddly feelings, are they?" "Doesn't mean we don't have any! I’m very surprised that you’ve been able to cloak your prejudices so proficiently, Amy. You’ve treated me very well for months. I had no idea you held such low views of me. I’ve done nothing disrespectful to either you or Kim." I said with a soft sigh. She said nothing. "It's gonna get chilly tonight.” I finally said. “We should go inside." "You go. I just want to sit here and think," she answered. I nodded and got up and headed back to the cabin. To my surprise the table was cleared and the dishes were all taken care of. "Nice work," I said with a smile. "We might actually make you into a nice housewife!" I said with a grin, knowing that I was going to get a playful swat somewhere for the inside joke we'd been sharing all week. She walked up to me, still wearing my shirt, and wrapped her arms around my neck instead of swatting me anywhere. She lifted herself up on her tip toes to kiss me softly, her hot lips pressing gently against mine. "That might not be a horrible thing," she whispered as she broke the kiss. "As I understand it, a housewife also has to make sure her man is taken care of, and from what I could tell, someone was left hanging before dinner." "I was." I agreed. "Is she coming in?" "Not yet. She will when she gets sufficiently cold enough to." "Then I think it's time for another fire building lesson," she said with a grin. "Do you want to help or just watch this time?" "I'll just watch," I said as she released me. She turned and moved to the fireplace while I walked to the bed and dropped onto it, reclining back as I had before dinner. I watched Kim carefully stack wood in the fire place like I'd taught her, her bare ass sticking out at me and her pussy pushing out between her legs sexily as she bent over. As she stayed bent to light the wads of paper she put on the bottom of her kindling. She gently blew on the fire, keeping her hands on her knees to keep her ass pushed out at me. I got up from the bed and walked the few feet to her, my dick swinging side to side with each step. She didn't move when I touched her hip, or when I rubbed my engorged head up and down her wet lips. She firmly pushed back against me as I pressed my dick into her, my hard shaft sliding slowly into her as she moaned softly. "Oh yeah." The tiny flame crackled as it consumed some pine needles and twigs, then upward to the branches and split logs. "Glad you approve," I whispered as I started to slowly stroke in and out of her hot wet depths, my cock quickly working into her to its full length as she reached out to stabilize herself on the rock fireplace. "Approve? Oh fuck yeah! I've been missing this all day," she moaned as I stroked long, slow strokes in and out of her. "I don't know what we'll do when we have to go back to civilization. I mean I can't have my pilot fucking my brains out every time we go out of town, can I?" "That could be a bit awkward. Kinda like doing your chauffeur." "Trust me, you're a hell of a lot more than just a driver, even if it is an airplane," she answered a little breathlessly. "Oh god I've wanted you in me all day. It was all I could do to not walk over and climb on your cock while you were playing with Amy's pussy." "I was wishing you would. I was really turned on," I grunted out. "Fuck yes. That's it baby. Fuck me. Fuck me hard. I wanna feel you pounding into me. I wanna feel your fantastic dick pounding all the way into me as far as you can!" "Uh huh," I grunted, my thighs slapping her bare ass now with every quickening plunge. "God you feel good." "You too. Oh shit,” she cried, “I'm gonna come. Oh god I'm gonna come already!" she squealed as her legs started tremble. "Oh Fuck!" she cried loudly as her whole body suddenly convulsed, her pussy squeezing around my cock as her juices leaked to the floor between her legs. I continued to pound into her, her moans of pleasure egging me on as the warm tingle spread through my body, the feeling of urgency growing as I kept stroking. I doubted I could stop if I wanted to as the urge to climax washed over me. I felt my body jerk hard and slam my cock deep into her as the first surge of cum lanced out of my cockhead, deep in her pussy, filling the almost non-existent space between her walls and my rigid shaft. We stood there, both of us panting as my body spasmed over and over, my cum now adding to the juices trickling from her pussy. She pushed me back from her and turned to face me. She backed me toward the bed with a hand in the middle of my chest and didn't stop pushing until I flopped onto the bed. She climbed onto the bed and on top of me, her arms wrapping around my neck as she pressed her lips to mine in a hot long erotic kiss. "You know, there'd be a lot of talk, but I don't think anyone would be surprised if my fiancé was fucking me every time we were on the road." "Fiancé? Wasn't it just a week ago we hated each other?" "That was before we got to know each other," she cooed with a smile. "Of course it means that you wouldn't be able to play around with any other hussies any more." "Not that I’d ever desired ‘hussies’. Hell, I've really hadn’t had any time to play with any other women, as much as we're on the road and in the air, I haven't had a chance to even think about meeting anyone, let alone actually developing a romantic relationship." "Well, now you don't have to worry about that. You don't have to say yes now. But think about it," she whispered. "I've waited a long time for a man that can make me feel as complete as you do. I kinda wish we'd done this a long time ago. We wasted so much time being enemies instead of lovers. Thank you for being the patient man that you are. A man who is so worthy of my respect, my deepest desires." "What about Amy?" I asked "Yeah, that could be complicated," she whispered. "How about we keep this between ourselves until we figure this out." "How about we keep this between ourselves until I decide if I'm going to say yes, or not. I mean a long term relationship should be based on more than a few days of great sex." "Maybe. But you have to admit that it's a good start." She said with confidence. "It is a good start. A damn great start! But only a start." "We still need to figure out how Amy fits into a future us. Amy's my best friend, my advisor, my personal assistant and my lover. I don't think I could survive without her by my side. I don’t want to lose her." I looked a little confused. "So where would that put me? A toy in bed?" "Oh god, Adam! Only a man would go there! A woman has multiple facets, doesn't she? Is there anything that says she can't have a different person on either side of her? A husband and lover at her right hand and a dear friend and assistant at her left?" "So what about the lover part of that equation? You think she's going to give up that part easily? Based on the jealousy I've seen today, I don't think it's going to be all as easy as you think." "Who says it has to go anywhere? Maybe it just changes the equation a little so that one plus one equals three?" "One plus one equals three? What do you think is going to happen? That somehow she's just suddenly going to want to share you with me?" "Or maybe share you, with me," Kim whispered. "Why don't you put your considerable charms and patience to work and see if you can show her the tenderness that won me over so quickly, so completely." "I have a feeling this is going to end up badly," I answered her. Sleeping Accommodations "What's going to end up badly?" I heard Amy ask from the doorway. "Oh honey!" Kim said quickly, pushing up off of me. "It's getting cold out there. At least with no clothes on. If you let me get some clothes I can go sleep outside and you can take me home tomorrow." "Oh no. No, no, no," Kim said, walking over to her. "No sweetie. I wanted you here to share this place with us." "It doesn't look to me like there's a lot of sharing to do. You two seem to have turned it into a fuck fest, and I have no desire to get into that kind of a game," she said with a scowl. "So since there's only one bed, I'll let you two have it and sleep outside." "Actually, that wouldn't be a very good idea," I said as I got up from the bed and walked toward the door. "In fact, now that it's dark, you probably don't want to be outside unless you have to use the outhouse." "Why not?" "One is the bugs. They get really bad after dark. The second is the wildlife. I'm sure you could handle a skunk or raccoon checking on you in the night, but if you woke up with a black bear only feet from you, well let's just say it wouldn't end well." "Bears? There are BEARS up here!?" Amy practically shouted. "Yeah. Every once in a while they'll wander right up to the cabin. They're attracted by the smells of food," I said with a shrug. "No one said ANYTHING about BEARS!" she shouted, clearly agitated, looking at the closed screen door. I stepped next to her and closed the heavy wooden door behind her. "That's what they make doors for." "Jesus Kim! BEARS?" "Adam said they were pretty harmless, unless you're carrying food or something. Then just give the bear what it wants and it'll go away. Hell, it's not all that much worse than a panhandler, is it? Give em what they want and they'll go away! " "A bear isn't a panhandler!" Amy said sharply. “Yeah, and Grizzlies are a bigger concern, though, but they are so rare, this close to the ski resort.” I added. “If you have any scent of food on you, they could track you down from miles away.” It was getting dark in the cabin with the sun quickly going down and only the fire in the fireplace throwing dancing shadows around the cabin walls. I walked to the table and lit the oil lamp hanging above it and turned the wick up to cast a pleasant orangish glow around the room. "Well. Maybe we better heat up some water and clean up before bed," I said as I moved to the stove and used the water jug to fill the big pot on the stove. "Clean up how?" Amy asked, looking around. "Sponge bath sweetie!" Kim said with a grin. "You know, it's a lot more fun if you don't do it alone." "Maybe for you, but if you don't mind I'm more than capable of washing myself," Amy answered, crossing her arms across her chest. "Besides, no one is going to care if I smell like bug spray or not, since I'm not sleeping with you two." "There's only one bed sweetie. Where do you think you're going to sleep?" Kim asked her. "Just give me a blanket and I'll sleep on the floor," she said, moving to her suitcase and knocking it over roughly. She unzipped it, pulled out a pair of running type sweat pants and sweat shirt and pulled them on, before digging into the case for a pair of socks. She walked to the bed, pulled one of the several blankets off the bed, walked to the fireplace and lay down on the floor, wrapped in the blanket and curled up. I shrugged to Kim and didn't say anything before getting our towels and wash rags from where they were hanging. The water wasn't really as warm as I'd like, but it was good enough. I carried it to the corner and poured it into the basin on the little corner table. Kim and I washed each other as we had been doing every night, before drying each other and retiring to the bed. I turned out the oil lamp, stepped to the fireplace and added a couple logs and then stepped over the still awake Amy before climbing into bed with Kim. Morning came as it usually did up on the mountains, early! There weren't any windows facing east in the cabin for one main reason, because being that high up dawn came long before dawn came down in the valley below. It wasn't a surprise for me to look at my watch and see that it was barely past six AM. I lay snuggled up against Kim, feeling her warm body heat as she felt me move and snuggled her back against me a little tighter. I lay my arm back down around her body and felt her hand pull mine against her soft breast, sighing contentedly as she squeezed my hand against her soft mound. I closed my eyes and tried to not let the feeling of her hot body against mine cause my cock to harden any more than it was, a somewhat lost cause. I'd been waking up this way all week, my hardening cock starting to press against her thighs until she felt it and moved it between her legs and against her hot wet pussy. I had to admit it was a very pleasant way to start each morning. With my eyes closed my mind was free to picture any number of instances of sex, but seemed most frequently to enjoy playing the image of her sitting astride me in the bottom of the little boat, bouncing wildly up and down my cock, her big tits flying wildly up and down and side to side as she pounded herself down on my shaft over and over. It was an extremely pleasant memory and soon had my dick rock hard, trying to push itself between her legs. She must have felt it and lifted one leg, sliding my hard cock up to her hot wet pussy before letting her leg press down once again, trapping me in a soft hot cave of thigh flesh. I felt her fingers first, soft and warm, teasing around and under my engorged head as it stuck out slightly between her thighs. Her breathing was still soft and regular, almost as if she were asleep, but her fingers told me another story altogether. She continued to tease my head as she pressed me up against her wet pussy, her fingers slipping occasionally off my head to stroke her own clitoris. Finally she moved her hips slightly, pulling herself away from me enough to press my head up between her wet lips and then back again, my cock slowly sliding into her as her body expanded to accept the intruder. Her hips rocked slowly, only a few inches, trying not to make the old wooden bed squeak as we made love. In and out I slid, only a very small amount, my cock staying deep inside her. Her breathing changed, as did mine, as she slowly, patiently worked both of us toward climax. It was almost impossible to not push back at her as each stroke slid my cock deep inside her and caressed my head and shaft. Her pussy was almost a perfect fit in this position, my head gently bumping the end of her tunnel with each stroke. "Oh fuck," she whispered as we drew closer, her pussy clearly wetter with each passing moment. I squeezed and kneaded her breast, my finger and thumb occasionally pinching and twisting her hard erect nipple. "Gonna come," she moaned softly, pushing herself hard against me as her legs started to tremble. I could feel her vaginal walls squeeze around me as she quietly climaxed. Her juices leaking out and running down her thigh. She only stayed motionless for a few moments, her pussy still contracting around me as she began rocking again, this time intent on bringing me along to where she had just reached. I lay trying not to move, my hips wanting to just slam into her as she worked on and off my rigid cock. It was a game we'd played for several mornings now, though never this quiet. "Gonna come," I groaned softly as the warmth and tingle spread, screaming that my cock was about to explode in her. "Do it," she whispered breathlessly, continuing to work her still pulsating pussy on and off of me. "Oh fuck," I groaned moments later, my body jerking and jamming my cock into her. I heard her moan and felt her press back against me as my cum surged into her with abandon, my body jerking time and again as my climax washed across me. "You guys aren't as quiet as you think you are." I heard Amy say from where she lay curled up in a ball in front of the long dead fire. "Sorry," I mumbled, even though I wasn't exactly sorry. "We were just trying to be polite," Kim whispered loudly. "Polite would have been to take it outside," Amy said, irritation clear in her voice. "Well. It's a bit chilly outside for that!" Kim said sharply, pulling off my cock and tossing the covers back. She picked up the same gray shirt of mine she'd been using all week and padded over to the stove. She bent over to light the burner and I could see our combined cum leaking down her leg as she lit burners to make breakfast. Amy refused to move all through Kim cooking breakfast and the two of us eating. Kim encouraged me to go fishing and get out of the cabin to leave the two of them alone to talk, which seemed like a good idea to me. The weather wasn't exactly great, dark clouds sailing over the top of the mountain from the west, periodically blotting out the sun that had risen so cheerfully only a short time ago. Weather had always been quick to change on the mountain top, and it looked like today was going to be no exception. To be continued. By  m storyman x , for Literotica. Runways: Part 6 Man’s escape to the fishing hole By  m storyman x  – listen to the Podcast at  Steamy Stories . I pushed the boat away and motored almost silently down about half the length of the lake to a nice weed bed, and started to work a small fly along the edges of the weeds. The rain started less than two hours later, but I was ready for it, mostly. I pulled on the rain suit I'd taken along to fend off the ice cold drops. The cold began to seep through the light weight rain suit as the temperature dropped precipitously, easily down over a dozen degrees in the first twenty minutes. This storm had all the earmarks of one intending to stay for a while. It was late summer, which meant that the temperatures could easily reach up to ninety if it was clear, but it could also get uncomfortably cold at these altitudes. Not cold enough to snow until late August, but that was only a few weeks away. I made my way back to the dock with my fish, cleaned them and headed back to the cabin, trying to suppress a shiver. I could see smoke coming from the chimney, the thought of a warm fire extremely inviting. I stepped through the door, closing it behind me and stood in the kitchen area, staring at the sight in front of me. Kim was on her hands and knees over the top of an equally naked Amy, her pussy pointing toward me, her knees bent and spread apart to completely expose her. Kim's head was thrown back, her eyes closed, her long hair hanging wildly around her face as she moaned in pleasure. I had clearly stepped into an extremely intimate moment between the two, and it equally appeared that neither yet realized that I was there. I stepped to the sink and laid the fish in it and pulled off my rain suit as quietly as I could. I looked over at Kim as I pulled my rain suit pants off and saw her looking at me, smiling with the same smile that she'd given me the first time we had sex. Amy was still busy between Kim's legs, noisily licking and teasing her pussy with her mouth when Kim motioned me to come closer. It didn't take a rocket scientist to see that she was inviting me to pay attention to Amy's exposed pussy. I knelt at the end of the bed and leaned down over it, licking slowly up her wet and well excited pussy. Her lips were full and engorged, a significant amount of inner lip protruding, glistening in the flickering light of the fireplace. Her juices were sweet on my tongue as I teased up her slit, circling the tip of my tongue around her clit several times, causing her to lift her hips toward me and moan loudly into Kim's pussy. Kim gasped at the sensations racing from her pussy through her body as my attentions to Amy's pussy drove her actions in and on Kim's pussy to be more vigorous. "Oh god," Kim moaned loudly as I teased Amy's pussy. "What the hell?" Amy suddenly asked, apparently finally putting together that Kim was impossibly talking and licking at the same time. I felt Amy try to pull herself up the bed under Kim, pushing Kim's body up. Somewhat reluctantly Kim crawled off of Amy, leaving her laying on the bed looking down her naked body at me leaning over the end of the bed, my face now almost two feet from her spread pussy. "What the hell are you doing?" she snapped angrily. "I invited him," Kim said as she lay on the bed next to Amy, her feet and head at opposite ends of the bed than Amy. "Why? If I wanted a guy between my legs I'd have a boyfriend!" Amy snapped. "You seemed to be enjoying it just fine until a moment ago," Kim shot back with a scowl. "Look. You were willing to spend a whole weekend getting fucked by him just so he'd take me on vacation. Not to have sex, but just to get out of town. Now you're suddenly adverse to being touched by him at all? I think you need to reevaluate just exactly what you think is appropriate. Adam and I are having sex. If you want to continue to have sex with me, you're going to have to figure out a way to deal with that. And no, being pissed off at Adam all the time is NOT an acceptable solution. You've always told me how sweet and kind he is and how caring he is for a guy. Well, guess what? I learned that even better than you can imagine!" Kim said as she pushed herself up to sit on the end of the bed, still facing Amy. "Adam is sweet and kind and gentle and intelligent and wonderful. So much so that I asked him to marry me! So you better get used to him being with us!" "You asked him to MARRY you? Seriously? You two are getting MARRIED?" "Well, not yet. He hasn't said yes yet. But I think he will, when he's had a chance to get to know me better." "Damn!" Amy swore quietly, pushing herself up to sit on the bed, leaning against the pillows and the wall. "I guess you don't need me any more then," she added as she pushed off the bed and picked up the pants of the pink sweat suit she'd worn overnight. "Oh god, Amy! Don't be so dramatic! Of course I still need YOU! You're my right hand girl! How would I ever function without you? I’m so sorry I added to your deep-set distain for men. I was wrong. You are so wrong, at least you’re wrong about Adam. We succeed together, in an industry that exploits sexuality in a way that often brings out the baser instincts of men. At least Adam has the character and self-respect to know he wants something deeper, more meaningful. And now that I’ve discovered that character, I find it incredibly desireable.” "Have your new boyfriend. Let him do it all!" she snapped as she pulled the jacket of the sweatshirt on and zipped it up over her bare tits. She bent down and zipped her suitcase closed and stood it up. She grabbed the handle and pulled it to the door of the cabin and threw the door angrily open before walking out into the still falling rain, leaving the door standing open. Amy’s Departure "WHERE ARE YOU GOING?" Kim yelled out the door at her as she stood in the doorway. "HOME!" Amy yelled back as she started walking down the road leading down the mountain, the rain already having soaked the thin pink sweat suit. "Come on. We need to go after her," Kim said, walking towards her suitcase. She bent over and pulled out a pair of yoga pants and a tank top, starting to put them on. "Go after her? Why? She'll come back." "No she won't." "Trust me. She will. It's six miles down the mountain and another dozen to town. She doesn't have anywhere to go. Once she finishes her temper tantrum she'll come back." "You don't know Amy," Kim said sharply. "She's too damn stubborn to come back." "Fine. I'll go get her," I said crossly, reaching for the recently taken off rain pants. "But you're staying here. No point in you getting soaked too!" "Fine. I'll wait," she said with a bit of a huff as I pulled on rain pants. It only took a minute or two to get dressed and grab the keys for the Jeep. If anything, it was raining harder when I went out to get in the Jeep, water pooling on the seat and in the floorboards of the open top vehicle. The floorboards were rusted enough that most of the water had already leaked out onto the ground as I pushed in the clutch and started the engine. I found her only half a mile down the muddy dirt track, her sweat suit already covered with mud and saturated with rain. Her hair was plastered to her head as she walked, head down, intent on going down the mountain. "You're getting soaked." "So?" she snapped back. "Kim wants you to come back up. She's worried about you." "Big deal." "So you're not coming?" "NO!" "You're sure. I mean it's a long ways down the mountain and even farther to town." "SO!" "Just saying." "Well, I don't have any intention of coming back!" "You're sure?" She paused for a moment and glared at me. "Perfectly!" "Okay," I said, letting out the clutch and bouncing my way down the hill. I slid and twisted on the little dirt track that we called a road until it opened up onto a gravel road almost two miles down the mountain. I turned around and headed back up the mountain, stopping at the log that had started everything between Kim and me. I pulled under a big pine to block the rain and shut down the engine to wait. I saw her long before she noticed me. But then I had an advantage, I knew where she was going to be coming from, she didn't even know I was waiting for her. She was wet and muddy, her rolling suitcase caked with mud almost up to the handle. She looked like she'd fallen in a mud puddle at least once and maybe more times since she'd left the cabin. "You ready to go back now?" I asked as she stopped next to the Jeep, shivering. "NO!" she said, shaking like a leaf. "You do realize that you won't survive the walk to town, not in this weather." "So? It's not like you care." "Actually I do," I answered. "But you're trying to make it like I don't. You don’t want to let yourself believe I can be any better than your prejudiced conclusions, even though your best friend and most trusted lover has told you overwise." "You don't want or need me. You have Kim." "I hate to burst your bubble, but I'm not at all sure that I even want to marry her. Hell, two weeks ago she was a total bitch that I worked for because I needed the money. Now all of a sudden she's different and says that I'm the first man she could respect. Not exactly what I'd call a match made in heaven. If there’s any sexist prejudices being confirmed by today, it’s that women are so blinded by jealousy, that they deprive themselves of so much, just because they’re afraid some other woman will also find a benefit." "So? All you have to do is say yes and you're in the money. She's loaded after all." "So?" "You need money, she has money, lots of it. What's to not get, here?" "Just between you, me and this pine tree here, I don't give a shit how much money she has. That's not why I'd marry someone." "Bullshit. She's gotten into your pants and you're playing it for everything you can. You know damn well that as long as she's getting fucked that you have a permanent job. If you play your cards right, you might even have a portion of her fortune." I sighed deeply. "You know so little about me. But now I see perhaps another sad and selfish motivation of yours. Maybe that's your game. Maybe you have sex with her because YOU want that portion of her fortune. I don't know. What I do know is that money isn't what I really care about. Sure I need money to pay the bills, but after that? Life is too short to chase after the dollar just to collect more." "I wouldn't do that! I care too much for her to ever be that petty." "Well, good. I want to believe that; but you're being pretty petty right now, not to mention stupid." "I'm not being stupid!" "You're not being smart either. Hell Amy! Who did I ask out first? You or her?" "Well, Me." "And who did I want to be around on all those trips? You or her?" "True, Me?" "So don't you think there's a reasonable chance that I really care about YOU and want YOU?" I snapped. "But you're fucking HER!" "I am. It wasn't like you were exactly giving me the green light. Hell, I didn't know you were a lesbian!" I said with a scowl. "You could have told me I was barking up the wrong tree instead of letting me keep trying to convince you to go out with me." "Who said I was a lesbian?" "Well, Kim actually said it. Kim made it clear you two were lovers, as I saw a little while ago. What am I supposed to think?" "Why do men always think that because two women enjoy each other that somehow they're lesbians, or anti-man or some such shit?" "Probably the same reason that women jump to the conclusion that if a man is having sex with another woman that they don't have any feelings for them," I answered with a shrug. "Typical man!" "I could say the same thing. Tell me. Why in the hell is it so hard to believe that I have feelings for you?" "BECAUSE YOU'RE FUCKING HER!" she practically screamed. "Typical woman! Maybe if you'd have let me in instead of pushing me away for all these months I wouldn't be fucking her, I'd be fucking you!  You’re stuck in a mindset that a man can’t deeply love two women, all the while thinking men are to thick-headed to understand a woman who loves sex with a man and a woman!" I snapped back at her.  "Look. I'm getting cold. I know you're fucking frozen. Get your ass in the Jeep and I'll take you back up." "What if I don't want to?" She snapped. "Your choice!" I answered, reaching down to start the Jeep. She stood there with her arms crossed tightly across her chest, looking like a very cold drowned rat, her hair hanging down around her face and dripping from the rain making its way through the branches. She had made no move to get in, so I dropped the Jeep in gear and started to let out the clutch to pull away. "OKAY! WAIT!" she practically shouted. I stopped the Jeep and she hoisted her bag into the back and climbed angrily into the seat. "You would have driven off and left me, wouldn't you?" "I didn't see that our conversation was getting us anywhere. What did you expect me to do? I took you at your word. You have to say what you want." I said as I started up the hill. "Fight for me. If I really matter to you, that is." "Fight for you?" I asked, slamming on the brakes and staring at her. "Fuck yes. If you wanted to keep me!" "Keep you? Hell, I've never HAD you!" I said angrily. "That's not my fault," she said quietly, looking up the road instead of at me. "Not your fault? I’m trying to treat you with honesty and respect! Whose fucking fault is it? Mine? " "It's not mine. Who else is there?" Amy said in a smug tone. I reached down and shut off the key and stared at her, the two of us now sitting out in the rain instead of under the cover of the pine. She continued to stare at the road and ignore my stare. "Fine. That's fucking it!" I said, unbuckling my seat belt. I climbed out of the Jeep and walked around to the passenger side, grabbing her arm and pulling her out of the seat. It only took a few steps before we were back under the relative shelter of the pine tree, standing in the soft bed of fallen needles under it. "So it's my fault? The only thing I haven't done is this! Obviously you don’t want respect. You don’t want chivalry." I said, letting go of her arm. Your goddam thinking is beyond my comprehension, but I’ll give you what I think you’re trying to get, but don’t have the good sense to ask for. I reached for the neck of the sweat suit top and held it with one hand while I jerked the zipper down, practically pulling the puller off the zipper when it reached the bottom. I let go of her top and grabbed the material of her sweatpants and jerked them down, squatting down and pulling it down as far as it would go. I reached up for her arms and pulled her down on the ground in front of me and then jerked and tugged the sweatpants off over her muddy soaked shoes, tossing the pink pants aside. I pushed her knees apart, leaving her laying there mostly exposed while I stood up and pushed my rain suit pants and jeans down to my knees. She lay there without complaint, as I knelt between her legs and reached for the pink top, pulling it aside to expose both large soft tits before leaning over her. I held myself up with one hand and found my hard cock with the other, lowering my hips and aiming my cock at her pussy. She neither helped nor protested as I rubbed my engorged head up and down her wet lips before pushing it into her bent-over ass, from behind. "Oh fuck," she groaned as I pressed deeper into her, the rain making its way through the many layers of pine needles above us dripping coldly on my ass. I continued to push until I could go no farther and then pulled back, leaving just my head inside her before plunging quickly back into her. "Oh god yes!" she gasped as my shaft plunged all the way into her until my head hit the end of her tunnel. "This what you want? You wanna be taken like a fucking animal?" I grunted as I plunged into her over and over, her tits rolling wildly on her chest as my hips pounded into her thighs with each stroke. "Oh fuck!" was all I got in response as she lifted and spread her legs farther to give me greater access. In and out I stroked, my cock driving into her with each plunge until her body moved on the needles, pulling back again until I was nearly ready to slip from her hot wet confines. The longer I stroked into her, the faster I began to move, my hips driving my cock into her at an almost frantic rate. She was ecstatic, crying out in joyful surrender, as she fell to the bed of pine needles. She rolled over. "Oh fuck, fuck fuck; fuck!" she screamed into the trees as her body began to tremble. She was totally jubilant as she reached for my rain suit top and grabbed two handfuls of material and tried to pull me down on top of her as her whole body shuddered and trembled below me. I dropped to my knees, between her widespread legs. Instantly my cock found it’s target and burrowed deep into her womb. "Oh God!" she cried even louder as my cock swelled fatter. Steam was faintly visible, rising from her partly-naked body; as the clouds thinned out and the moonlight dimly lit the grove of Ponderosa pines. "Uh." I grunted as my body convulsed and jammed my cock into her so hard she slid on the pine needles. I felt a gush of cum lance out into her pussy as she continued to try and pull me down on her. Her pelvis jolted in reflex to my rhythmic blasts. I relaxed my arms and let her pull me down, my wet rain suit pressing against her bare tits as she pulled my face to hers, her moans escaping into my mouth as she pressed her lips roughly to mine. We lay there for long minutes, both our bodies slowly returning from their trips to ecstasy, her kisses slowly softening until she was erotically sucking my lower lip, breathing heavily. "Took you fucking long enough to do that," she whispered, releasing my lip and my coat. "You wanted me to force you?" "You didn't force me. I didn't fight back, did I? I just wanted you to be dominant. I wanted you to be in control. I wanted you to make me FEEL like you HAD to HAVE me! That you were in charge of both what we did, and when we did it. I could have thought of a few more comfortable places, but at least you finally did it." "I don't fucking understand," I grumbled as my cock softened in her pussy and slipped out. "So you were what, waiting for me to do this for months or something?" "Or something. God I gave you enough chances. How many times did I wear things that were easy to take off with no underwear. You had to know I didn't have a bra or panties on. Hell, how many times did I flash you my pussy and you never fucking got the message!" "The message? Hell, I just thought you didn't like underwear and flashing me was an accident! You wanted me to act like a selfish, disrespectful animal, but then I hear you disparage men for behaving that way?" "God, I'll never understand men!" she said shaking her head. "And men will never understand women," I answered her. "The difference is that I wanted you. The other men, I didn’t want.” Amy said like it was the simplest and most obvious thing which anyone should understand. I had no words. All I could conclude is that I was from Mars and she was from Venus. And here we were on the planet Earth, and neither of us could comprehend the other. “Come on,” she said from beneath me. “Let's go back to the cabin. I'm fucking frozen!" I pushed myself up and pulled up my ice-cold soaked pants, as she picked herself up from the ground. My balls were instantly shriveling to the size of a walnut. She picked up her sweatpants and started trying to untangle the legs and turn them right side out before giving up and throwing them a the back of the Jeep. "Fuck it," she said as she pulled the pink top closed and held it that way as she climbed into the cold wet vinyl seat. I climbed into the driver side and buckled up, reminding her to do the same before taking off up the hill to the cabin. The lamplit Cabin "Did you catch up with her?" Kim asked as I opened the thick wooden door of the cabin. "He did," Amy yelled, following behind, dragging her wet muddy suit case, still naked from the waist down. "What happened?" Kim asked with concern as she stepped to Amy and wrapped an arm around her to pull her to the fire, taking note of Amy’s bare ass, and the creamy jizz sliding down her inner thigh. "Oh, Just Adam finally, finally giving me what I've been waiting for," Amy said, kneeling down in front of the crackling fire and pulling the soaked pink top off. "What's that? A good spanking?" Kim asked, looking up at me. "Yes. But not the kind you're thinking of," Amy answered. “Although I’d probably enjoy plenty of those, too.” Kim looked at Amy, back at me and down at Amy again in confusion. Amy rolled her eyes. "He finally fucked me!" she said with exasperation. "Shit. you have to know I've been trying to get him to for months!" "You have?" "Oh god. How many times have I suggested that I liked how his cock bulged in his pants when I flashed him a titty or pussy?" "Well, yeah. All the time." "And you didn't realize I wanted him to fuck me?" "Wouldn't it have been a lot easier to just ask him to?" Kim asked softly, wrapping a blanket around Amy's shoulders. “Yes!” I yelled victoriously.” God bless you, Kim. Amy rolled her eyes and sighed softly and looked at Kim, condescendingly; "Sometimes I wonder if you really do know me." "I know you maybe better than you know yourself," Kim answered her. "The problem isn't that he didn't get your hints. It's that your hints sent so many mixed signals that I doubt anyone would have gotten that message." "Well. Whatever. He finally did," she said as she rubbed her hands together and held them out to the fire. "So now what do we do? I mean he can't keep fucking both of us." "Why not?" Kim asked with a grin. "I don't mind if you don't mind, and I'd bet a whole ton of money he won't mind." Amy looked at Kim curiously.  Then Kim lowered her face to Amy's and kissed her softly on the lips. "You honestly think he's going to pass up this chance?" she asked as she pushed Amy back onto the floor. "The only real problem will be training him when to just pull my pants down and stuff that fantastic cock into me, and when he should pull YOUR pants down and fuck you!" "You think it's gonna be hard to train him? Seriously?" Amy asked. "Well, my ass is sticking in the air with only a pair of yoga pants on, and he's still standing over there instead of pulling my pants down, so you tell me?" Kim asked Amy loud enough for me to hear. "Yeah. Men. Pretty hard to understand them." Amy declared. "Even harder to train them," Kim answered her friend. I had stayed quiet while the two women were having their only constructive conversation of the trip, so far. I’d finished stripping out of my wet clothes and had just put on some sweatpants and a sweatshirt. I’d been toweling off my wet hair and came over to lay down on the far side of the bed. My dad once told me that silence is sometimes the safest strategy in resolving conflicts in a group. The two women found comradery is a basic presumption that men need training in order to evolve into good communicators. I had a hunch that the next few days there was going to be a lot of training. I'm pretty sure I'm going to enjoy it though. By  m storyman x , for Literotica