To purchase: http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/1591431719 http://www.amazon.co.uk/exec/obidos/ASIN/1591431719 http://www.amazon.ca/gp/product/1591431719 http://www.amazon.co.jp/dp/1591431719 http://www.amazon.de/dp/1591431719 http://www.amazon.es/dp/1591431719 http://www.amazon.fr/dp/1591431719 http://www.amazon.it/dp/1591431719 A study of the substantial evidence for a former race of giants in North America and its 150-year suppression by the Smithsonian Institution. It: • Shows how thousands of giant skeletons have been found, particularly in the Mississippi Valley, as well as the ruins of the giants’ cities • Explores 400 years of giant finds, including newspaper articles, first-person accounts, state historical records, and illustrated field reports • Reveals the Stonehenge-era megalithic burial complex on Catalina Island with more than 4,000 giant skeletons, including kings more than nine feet tall • Includes more than 100 rare photographs and illustrations of the lost evidence Drawing on 400 years of newspaper articles and photos, first-person accounts, state historical records, and illustrated field reports, Richard J. Dewhurst reveals not only that North America was once ruled by an advanced race of giants, but also that the Smithsonian has been actively suppressing the physical evidence for nearly 150 years. He shows how thousands of giant skeletons have been unearthed at Mound Builder sites across the continent, only to disappear from the historical record. He examines other concealed giant discoveries, such as the giant mummies found in Spirit Cave, Nevada, wrapped in fine textiles and dating to 8000 BC; the hundreds of red-haired bog mummies found at sinkhole “cenotes” on the West Coast of Florida and dating to 7500 BC; and the ruins of the giants’ cities with populations in excess of 100,000 in Arizona, Oklahoma, Alabama, and Louisiana. Dewhurst shows how this suppression began shortly after the Civil War and transformed into an outright cover-up in 1879 when Major John Wesley Powell was appointed Smithsonian director, launching a strict pro-evolution, pro-Manifest Destiny agenda. He also reveals the 1920s’ discovery on Catalina Island of a megalithic burial complex with 6,000 years of continuous burials and more than 4,000 skeletons, including a succession of kings and queens, some more than nine feet tall - the evidence for which is hidden in the restricted-access evidence rooms at the Smithsonian. PLEASE NOTE: When you purchase this title, the accompanying PDF will be available in your Audible Library along with the audio. ©2013 Richard J. Dewhurst. All Rights Reserved. (P) 2019 Inner Traditions Audio. All Rights Reserved. Critic Reviews “This is the most comprehensive and level approach to the subject of giant humanoids in Earth’s past to have ever been published. The most appealing aspect is that Dewhurst has collected a vast array of primary sources and presents them here. Reading one newspaper discovery after another of giant skeletons and artifacts is perhaps the most compelling reason to question the standard lines we are given about humanity’s origins. When coupled with his persuasive theories explaining why the Smithsonian would actively cover up such discoveries, you have one valuable and entertaining read! Highly recommended.” (Robert R. Hieronimus, PhD, author of Founding Fathers, Secret Societies and host of 21st Century Radio) “Giants in ancient America? You bet! It’s all here in Richard Dewhurst’s fabulous book. Extensively illustrated and chronicled with firsthand accounts from early 19th- and 20th-century news clippings, this book will shatter the mainstream academic teachings that continue to ignore and cover up the role giants played in early American history.” (Xaviant Haze, author of Aliens in Ancient Egypt and coauthor of The Suppressed History of America) “At last, a comprehensive sourcebook that demystifies the giants of ancient America. Lavishly illustrated, this goliath and gutsy book delivers an unprecedented wealth of information on the great mound builders. Dewhurst digs deeper than the rest. Don’t miss it.” (Susan B. Martinez, PhD, author of Lost History of the Little People and The Mysterious Origins of Hybrid Man) https://grahamhancock.com/dewhurstr1/