Please visit the California Revealed website to see the most complete and up-to-date version of this object: https://repository.californiarevealed.org/node/340859 . Lucy Shinn approved of Milicent traveling to visit Annie in Santa Cruz: She weighed the option of railroad or steamer. Son, Joe, had a new teacher. Fires were being set if people employed or rented to Chinese people. James had agreed to have someone watch over their property at night. Dear Millie, Your letter rec. I entirely approve of your going to Santa Cruz during yr vacation provided it still comes while Annie is still there. Of course you will correspond with her and know about this. There is no definite time fixed for her to remain. She is to stay longer or shorter just as she pleases. I do not know Mrs. P's terms. Papa says the train does not reach San Jose till 11. It would be very nice indeed if Mr. Sill would go with you and would give Annie great pleasure. Perhaps if he went with you he would prefer to go on the Steamer as I believe he does not like railroading. I believe the fare from SF to Santa Cruz is only $3, by steamer, but I am not sure. If you want to find out all about it and choose to write a note to Uncle he will give you all the information you want and it will be accurate. Joe has for his Teacher at Mr. Muare's [?]Mr. Columbus Brier who has the name [?] of being a good teacher. I saw his wife (Mrs. Brier's sister) at Church last Sunday she had a good deal to say of what her husband said about Joe, praising him up to the highest and expressing a fear as he looked so delicate that he could not bear hard study. Joe says it is the first time he was ever called delicate!! Charlie is still away and Papa and I are lonesome enough with not one of our children with us. I suppose Charlie will be home sometime this week, but he has been very naughty about writing and we are not posted as to his movements. I presume we can manage some way about making over that dress, I don't think there is any hurry about it and I should like to have you take the trip to Santa Cruz for your own sake as well as Annie's. We have been having somewhat excited times here on account of some fires, (a straw stack at Mr. Tyson's one at Jack Lowrie's and Liston's [?] Hotel at Alameda) said to have been set because of employing Chinese or renting to them. Somebody told Papa that somebody said they heard somebody say that Mr. Shinn [Papa and James Shinn] would be the next one. I have an idea that it is the game of scandal, but there may be a little more to it than that. I am bound to confess much as I dislike to do so that these are evil days and that the labor riots have brought me to feel that we need a stronger government. For ourselves, however, as it is a leisure time and as prudence is the better part of valor and as Wash is willing Papa has concluded to have him watch nights and sleep daytimes for the present, but we keep very quiet and say[?] nothing! Mama [Transcribed by Kathryn Kasch]