High-quality, color film, in very good condition with a multitude of leisure-related stock shots (many with good sequences). On teaching people how to set up farm-based recreation (including camps, lakes; hunting; skiing; dude ranching) as a way of increasing income in rural communities. "Enjoy the real fun of country living on a rural holiday." Excellent color stock shots: (almost all family oriented) African-Americans using a driving range (golf); people jumping off a raft; walking through a field; people sitting outdoors in folding chairs; picnicking, informal sporting activities; baby on swings; touch football; bell ringing; pumping water; family eating breakfast (not as uptight as many of our shots of this); woman lying on small raft getting splashed by children; pony and horseback riding;children being strapped into life vests; children racing canoes; child blowing reveille through a bugle; heavy earth moving equipment used in dam construction'; Water: speed boats; water skiing (long sequence); towing a motor boat; gassing up a car; picking up bait; launching a motor boat into a lake; Watermelons being halved with a crosscut saw; CU shirtless toddler eating very large piece of watermelon; canoes strapped to the top of a car; children leaping over sticks; diving off boards; outdoor Sunday services at campgrounds; fowl (geese?) flying together and landing on water; man hacking at tall grass with machete, building a duck blind; farmer standing and looking over his land; Hunting camp (pheasants)--Great, clear hunting sequence. teaching hunting dogs to point; hunters shooting skeet; dogs in kennels; hunting and shooting pheasants; dogs pointed to birds; Carefully planned for hunting: "the strip planting pattern of sorghum and meadow grass was recommended by biologists of the conservation agencies as ideal habitat for game birds;" bird is flushed from cover to be knocked out of the sky by the hunter's rifle. Oncoming locomotive at night; disembarking train Winter sports: snowy parking lot; skiing; lodges, interiors and exteriors; ski lifts and rope pulls; tobogganing; group of half dozen simultaneously strapping on skates. Beautiful ice fishing. Ice sleds (fans hooked to outboard motor in contraption skim lake) ice sailing. Horseshoe tossing; tennis.