this edition has been produced in the phillipines by dayang yraolo , and consists of two parts: listening to my music , and ikotoki . for more information see dayang's website at http://www.dayangyraola.com . producer's notes: Listen to My Music Philippine composer and ethnomusicologist, Jose Maceda said “If you wish to honor me, listen to my music…” This is the inspiration for the Listen Project, which was staged as an exhibit at the University of the Philippines Jorge Vargas Museum and Filipiniana Research Center in July 2013. In this exhibit is a gallery titled ‘Confluence’.  This gallery contained works of composers that used indigenous field research recordings and new music compositions of Jose Maceda found in the Center for Ethnomusicology of the same University. This is the first attempt by the Center for Ethnomusicology to engage non-University-based contemporary artists to use the Maceda Collection in their holdings.  Composers are musicians who are known in popular music scene in Manila. Ikotoki Para Ikot literally means to go around.  It is also the name of jeepney service that goes around the Campus.  Toki is a colloquial term that means to counter flow.  It is also the name given to the jeepney service that counter flows the Ikot route.  Para is what you say when you want the jeepney to stop. Ikotoki Para is a project that collected, collated and composed sounds from the Campus of the University of the Philippines for over three months. The University of the Philippines Diliman Campus is a university town. It is 400 hectares of contained environment with patches of age-old trees.  During the production for Ikotoki Para students were asked to record different sound producers on campus.  It included the flora, fauna, machinery, vehicles, electronic devices, people and other possible sound sources. This exercise encouraged participants, the sound gatherers, to pay attention to their sound environment, at least during the data gathering.  Composers where then encouraged to compose using the collected materials as either elements or inspiration for their composition. This project is inspired by composition of Prof. Maria Christine Muyco’s ‘Jeepney Orchestra’ and the project of the U.P. Department of Biology that gather sound of fauna living on Campus. again, we are always looking for new material, whether raw field recordings, field recording based composition, or introduction submissions. we are also now accepting proposals for full editions of our guest curated framework:afield series. send proposals or material, released or not, on any format, to the address at the bottom of this mail. if you have any questions, please don't hesitate to get in touch! [tracklist] Listen to My Music (all works are excerpts) - Armi Millare - Caliph8 - Erick Calilan - Jing Garcia - Cris Garcimo - Malek Lopez - Paolo Garcia Ikotoki Para (all composers are students of U.P. College of Music) - Feliz Macahis - Jairus Saldejeno - Jordan Peralta - Karl San Jose - Minich Cruz