India’s Vedic Culture alias Hindu Culture had spread to most parts of the world in ancient period. Great archaeological discoveries are done in the days of science and technology. Therefore ‘ Missing Link of World Civilization : Indo –Aryan Colonization, ‘ has been studied by Vishnu Kant Verma. 1:- S.D. Kulkarni 2 deals with’ influence of Ancient Literature of territory of Bharat in U.S.S.R. thus:- The history of relations between Bharat ( i.e. India) and the territory of the U.S.S.R. goes back to the ancient times. New researches by Sovieat Archaeologist have given convincing proof that close Cultural relations between the people of Central Asia and Bharat already existed as far back as the period of the Harappan Civilization and continued to develop over succeeding ages. There are many references to Bharat, the Customes, belief and traditions of her people and their culture in ancient Russian literature. The image of Bharat as a Country of wealth, wisdom and wonder gradually took shape. Although this image was found in almost all west and east European and middle Eastern literatures of the Middle ages, it acquired a number of distinctive features in literary text of ancient Russia, especially in Russian folklore. “Bharat had trade relations with Transcaucasia since very ancient times. There were Armenian trading posts in Bharat and the ‘Panchatantra’ enjoyed such enormous popularity in ancient Georgia that the book was given in dowari. A Hindu temple was built near Baku, the Capital of Azerbaizan, which used to be thronged by a multitude of pilgrims from Bharat. The Ossetians one of the nationalities of Caucations, are clearly related, linguistically, with the Indo – Aryans the creators of the Vedas. “Comparative linguistic studies of Vedic Sanskrit and the languages of the slavs, Baltic and Iranian people is very fruitful at present. Community of origin and a long period of living together by the Indo – Aryans and the remote ancestors of the slaves explain the closeness of Indian and Slav muthologies. “ According to the linguist Professor Oleg Trubachov a whole series of names of ancient Black Sea regions have a great deal in common, which can be explained by Indian linguistic data for example, the locality near Kherosones in the Cremea called ‘ Dandake ‘ and the Indian ‘ Dandake’ the Scythian names Butonatos and Magadeva, and the Indian Bhutanatha and Mahadeva etc. He even considers it possible to seek the beginnings of Hinduistic faiths “ in the period when the Indo-Aryans inhabited the Black Sea regions,” and speaks of the intensive cultural and ethnic ties and bilateral communication between the Black Sea regions and India in the distant past. “References to India are found in the earliest ancient Russian literature. In the first centuries after the conversion to Christianity a stream of Greek and Bulgarian books literarily poured into Russia. It was due to translations of Christian literature that there appeared in Russia, Indian names, topics and motifs as well as notions from India which had taken shape several centuries earlier in Byzantium. Byzantium in its turn had adopted information about India from the writings of the ‘ Church Fathers ‘ and the writers of the late Roman Empire in the fourth and fifth centuries, in which were inter – woven fabulous legends from ancient Greek literature, extracts from the notes of participates in the campaigns of Alexander the Great. Christian writings of those years were not only fascinated by the wonders of India and her religion but by the lives of the pious hermits and sages, the Brahmans and Shramanas as well. “ The author of the most ancient Russian Chronicle – The Chronicle of Times post – refers to the customs of the Indians. The information is based on the Byzantine chronicle of Geogre the Monk. Which was translated into Russian in the middle of 11th century. Information on India and the Brahmanas contained in it goes back to the period of antiquity when the essay by palladius, on the Races of India and the Brahmanas and its Latin Translation by Ambrose appeared. Similer information is contained in another work well known in Russia – The chronographia of John Malalas.