Up'n Down is a racing video game developed and published by Sega. It was first released in 1983 as an arcade game, then later ported to the Atari 2600 and ColecoVision video game consoles and the Atari XE and Commodore 64 home computers. Gameplay Up'n Down is a vertically scrolling game that employs a pseudo-3D perspective. In the game, the player controls a purple dune buggy that resembles a Volkswagen Beetle. The buggy moves forward along a single-lane path; pressing up or down on the joystick causes the buggy to speed up or slow down, pressing right or left causes the buggy to switch lanes at an intersection, and pressing the "jump" button causes the buggy to jump in the air. Jumping is required to avoid other cars on the road; the player can either jump all the way over them, or land on them for points. To complete a round, the player must collect 10 colored flags by running over them with the buggy. If the player passes by a flag without picking it up, it will appear again later in the round. The roads feature inclines and descents that affect the buggy's speed, and bridges that must be jumped. A player loses a turn whenever the buggy either collides with another vehicle without jumping on it, or jumps off the road and into the grass or water. Released Sep, 1983 Also For Apple II, Atari 2600, Atari 8-bit, ColecoVision, Commodore 64, DOS Developed by SEGA Enterprises Ltd. Published by SEGA Enterprises Ltd. Gameplay Arcade Perspective Bird's-eye view Vehicular Automobile, Street racing Genre Racing / driving Visual Isometric Description The object is to drive around a twisty course and collect all the colored flags. You can jump over gaps and over or onto other cars. If you land on another car, you destroy it and collect points. You can also collect things like balloons and ice cream cones for bonus points. The faster you collect all the flags, the bigger a time bonus you get. In later levels, there are dead-ends or gaps and a vehicle that is carrying a flag you need, so you will need to jump on it. If you are hit by another vehicle or go off the course, you lose a life. Two player games are alternating with the players taking their turns. From Mobygames.com. Original Entry