The Latin Diatessaron is a ?7th? century manuscript, by an Irish hand, in Medieval Latin, with parallel Old High German text. Downloaded from: http://www.e-codices.unifr.ch/en/csg/0056/25/x-large in JPEG format, using the highest definition images, unmodified in any way, other than importing into PDF. This was probably the very book which Saint Boniface held above his head as protection when he was martyred in the Low Countries. The missing page tops are a probable witness to the crude repair of the sword stroke damage. This is the ultimate source for 'The Forgotten Gospel' which I translated from Sievers' transcription. Warning, this may not be public domain: contact the owners of the original scan if in doubt.: http://www.e-codices.unifr.ch/en/csg/0056/25/x-large The e-codices Team, Project Director ,Prof. Dr. Christoph Flüeler e-codices ,Rue de l'Hôpital 4, CH-1700 Fribourg Tel.: +41 26 300 79 16, Fax: +41 26 300 96 27, E-Mail: christophe.flueler@unifr.ch A further file has been added. This is a file derived from the TITUS Project, indirectly based on Sievers transcription of the manuscript. It is a reconstruction, correcting some errors in the manuscript, and interpolating a missing leaf. I have matched the new text as closely as possible to the original manuscript, page by page, and line by line. Frankfurt university has permitted this project, and permitted me to upload this file. The file is quite small, and is titled: Sang56Titus.pdf Also added is the MSWord doc file: Sang56Titus.doc Two further files have been added, they are the first files I produced for the Forgotten Gospel project. they are: LatEngOHG30_9_04.doc The original MSWord file for the project, and: LatEngOHG30_9_04.pdf That file presented as a pdf. The first file is at present, 'work-in-progress', and the second file has not been recently updated to represent recent modifications. These later modifications are incorporated by my latest project, which is to re-typeset the Codex Fuldensis of Victor of Capua, and add a second column for the English translation. These are all text based files, and are text searchable in the original pdf format.