Sanitized - Aiiproved F CIA-RDP7-5-00662R000300130005-3 ri TION 19 SepteMber 1952 REPORT OF THE WORKING GROUP ON MTCHNIQUES AND PROJECTS Purpose: To review and evaluate the Methods and techniques of .economic analysis which have already been utilized in the preparation of ORR Office .wide projects, and to recommend Office-Nide projeots for inauguration prior to 1 January 1954 which utilize these and additional methods and techniques of economic analysiao Membership 25X1A9a Sanitized - Approved For Release : CIA-RDP75-00662R000300130005-3 et. -Kerr Sanitized - 'Approved For Release : CIA-RDPn-00662R000300130005-3 - ACUITY INFORMATION DPW Ot CONTENTS Introduction.. .1 I. CRR Achievements in Utilising Methods and Techniques of Econanis Analysis 2 A. Index.extrapolation Technique 2 1. Description and Application 2 2. Value of the Technique 2 3. Weaknesses.of the Teohnique ? 3 B Structural Inter.industry Technique 1. Description and Application. 4 2. Value of the Technique 4 3. Weaknesses of the Technique 4 C. Technique for Measuring Costs of Trade.interdiction .... 4 1. Description and Application 4 2. Value of the Technique 4 3. Weaknesses of the Technique 6 D. Other Techniques and Methods of Economic Analysis Used in the Preparation of Offioe.wide Project 7 I/. Resommendailon for Office-wide Project to be Initiated Prior to 1 January 1954 .. 403 Group 1, Off. ceivide Projects 8 Project A Chinese Communist %mode DeveUpson% . 8 Project B Structural Analysis 9 Project B/2 Structural Analysis of Steel.... 4 Project 8/2 Structural Study of Manpower 10 Project 8/3 Input Analysis of Investment 10 Project 8/4 General Structural Analysis 10 Project C Trend and Status of Soviet B100 Military Preparation 11 Group 2. Higher Priority Pilot Projects Pilot Project A. Economic Vulnerabilities of the Soviet Bloc...21 Pilot Project B. Structural Analysis of Ener 11 Pilot Project C. Depreciation and Replasement of Capital Goods in the USSR ? 12 Pilot Project D. Input-Output Study on the USSR. 22 Group 3, Lover Priority. Pilot Project ? 0 12 Pilot Project E. MObilisation Programming .. .22 Pilot Project F. Locations]. Analysis of the Soviet Bloo ---........13 Pilot Project G, Analysis of Inventories 13 Group 4, Inter-Divisional Projects 14 Sanitized - Approved For Release : CIA-RDP75-00662R000300130005-3 Sanitized - ApprAyed For . CIA-RDP75- 62R000300130005-3 fauna INFORMATION In. serum f Oacasional Papers, 15 Amex One. 16 Annex Tiro . 16 Sanitized - Approved : CIA-RDP75-00662R000300130005-3 Sanitized - Ap ved For R : CIA-RDP7514962R000300130005-3 PARITY INFORMATION lotroduction s role is to provide intelligence on Soviet Bloc scannas capabilities, vulnerabilities, and intentions. These topics encompass a large number of specific problems, any one of which could arise with little warning and re-quire immediate attention.- In order to be prepared for the most likely,con-tingencies, ORRIs research program must be flexible enough to apply to a variety of specific prOblems. We are in effect fashioning a set of building blocks which can be used to erect many different kinds of struotures. Some of the blocks have greater general utility than others. Those constitUto the. baste Office-vide research program and deserve most concerted attention at the ontset, Study. of inter.industrial relationships, study of production trends, and syitematio organization of information belong in this qategory. The more specialised blocks, which tend to receive less attention in the early period of construction, should be formed and brought into their proper places as construction proceeds. Otherwise, we would end up with a series of finely built basements but no houmes. Studies of Bloc military preparation, re-gional inter.relationshios, mobilization programming, vulnerabilities, stock. piling, inventories, and depreciation tend to fit in this second category. Such is the philosophy which has guided the Working Group in preparing its report. Section I reviews the research accomplishments of the past year. It is sohematized according to techniques of economic analysis utilized in preparing Office-wide researah. Section 1r presents the Group's recommendations for Office-vide projects to be inaugurated during the year. Some are to be fall-blown studies from the start, and others are not to be undertaken until pilot projects, charting their content and objectives have explored each topic for problems of concept, methodology and source materials, The pilot project is a new device to ORR, one which we hope will render valuable service in shaping Office-wide projects, not only for this year but future years as well. And finally, Section /II proposes that a series of occasional papers be inaugurated to stimulate Office personnel at all levels into Putting on paper their original thoughts and their 'side-line" research, in order that ORR research be sharpened and that it MOTO into new, un. suspected fields. Afrekti Sanitized - Approved For e . A-RDP75-00662R000300130005-3 Sanitized - Aprrsved F9r itettlitA-RDP75-013f62R000300130005-3 PIOT? INFORMATION ? I, OBE Aohjevements 142414atuMetIvide apd Teohniqufa of Eqoakmai. /viol& During the past year, the character and scope of ORR Officaliwide researdh have been etpanded to encompaes more fully a few techniques of ? .econoile analysis whidh hitherto had been only sparsely apnlied in the intelligenee effort on the Soviet Bloc. The success of these techniques has varied. At least one combination of them can be singled orates having organised and *deemed considerably our knowledge of the Bloc economy, Other combinations have snpolied mechanisms for solving problems but have rendered less satisfactory solutions. In still other instances, scarcity of data and faulty intermageney cooperation have nearly halted progress. ? A.. Tonhnbu. ? 1. Description and Apolication. Apparently the most productive results achieved thus far are those of compiling, indexing, and extrapolating production data in the ORR contribution to N1N-65. The OaR objective in this study it to establish the limits on the economic capkbilities of the Bloc for war in 1957. Output data for most major industries in the USSR covering the yeara 1928 through 1951 have been collected and systematised. About 87 percent uf the economy (including data to be supplied by the military intelligence agencies on production of military end-items) will be covered in one fashion or another. The principal omitted sectors will be certain services each at health,'education, and retail trade. While there are available sufficiont statistics to estimate the volume of output of most commodities which concise the 87 percent segment, it will be necessary in a handful of industries t, impute total output frame few commodities whose production increments are ansumed to be typical of the overall increments in their respective imbmktries, Before 1 November, these data will be plotted in graphs similar to those in 1K-366? A Preliminary Evaluation of the Fifth FiveAestriall, By such a plotting mechaniam the eye can readily grasp the trend of production of a commodity or in an industry. Moreover, the data will be combined to create indexes of production--for example, an index of nonferrous metals production an index of power output, and an index of capital goods output, These indexes viii also be plotted for visual preeeitation. By a mechanical process of extrapolating output curves beyond 1951, one picture of the Soviet economy in future Tsars can be obtained, But simple mechanical extrapolation based on a constant growti rate Is inadequate; the better method is Office-wide consultatioa to obtain a consehme on the future's most likely production in each mmmmxiitq and industry. In most cases this will consist of adjusting the simple extrapolation according to Lads. pendent criteria, such as plan figures or known efforts to emphasis? certain industries. 2. Value of the Teohnicue. As of today, the processes of charting, indexing, and extrapolating have not been completed. Thus we may be premature in passing judgment on the value Sanitized - Approved For Reibasiterp19P75-00662R000300130005-3 Sanitized - Apyryed For Rearder-RDP75-,62R000300130005-3 '1FZIONTY INFORMATION - of this proems. Yet we have completed enough Pieces of the job to see that it will provide a basis for several kinds of intelligence analyses. It should shed light es the future of industry and agriculture in the Sloe; will present a basis for giamparing the Bloc's se:anomie potential with the US and with the West; endue,' suggest strengths and weaknesses of the bloc economy. Those are valuable elements in assessing the Bloc's power position power potential, and power intentions. Moreover, this combination of techniques has the peculiar quality that, when applied to the Bloc economy, it is more reliable than when applied to the Western economics, to the extent that the Bloc is more free from cyclical fluctuations. 3. Veaknesses'of the Techniaae. The weakneises of this technique are centered in the extrapolation process. One difficulty is that, while extrapolations may be satisfactory an the whole, certain ones may be too high and others too low. An additional technique of analysis is necessary to achieve mutual consistently among the various projections. Another difficulty, which is present in any estimating for the future, is inability to account for unforeseen factors, such as changes in Kremlin planning. We (the Working Group) have diverse oninions as to the seriousness of a third element of weakness in extrapolating. Part of the Waiting Group believes that the aggregate rate of growth of the economy Which is forecast by this technique cannot be regarded as conclusive of growth capabilities. According to this thesis, the key questiOn..whether the mojected rates of development can be realized stmateneouely.remaime unanswered. The rest of the Group does not believe this is a question of - over-rbling concern, ? In addition to technique weaknesses, the data present a serious problem. When cast into the charts or 1M.366, the statistics give an appearance or firmness which is misleading, possibly dangerous. If a.sharpineight from some outside source (that is, outtide our present bounds of knowledge) were obtained, the web of production estimates might easily collapse, revealing a cavern of ignorance. At present, we are unable to size up this ignorance; we take cognizance only that it may be great, that as time recedes further away from the firm figure of the late thirties and 1940, ORA figures may concur-rently edge further away from reality. Sanitized - Approved FOI4Flittre : CIA-RDP75-00662R000300130005-3 Sanitized - Aprved ForalapP75-10,62R000300130005-3 * B. Structural /nter.industrr Teobnioutt 1. Deecription and Aerlipation. Tfie first of the never techniques to be applied In ORE an a large seals was a structural analysis of major industries.an anelyels to establish their inputs the distribution of their outputs, and from these to derive inter. industrial relationships. It was undertaken at the request of JCS. ORE was to emery through three separate studies on Bloc economic capibilitiee based on the structural technique. The first assumed sold war condition from 1 July 3952 to 31 July 1953 (ORE if 110.51); the seoond assumed a hot war in the same period; and the third assumed a hot war from 1 July 1954 to 31 June 1955. In sash of these studies the econmer of the MR vas to be dissected according to intone industrial relationships, and pieces were to be placed systematically in a huge table with inputs in the rows and outputs in the eOlumns, This arrange. meat permits comparison of the various estimates. The purpose is two.folds to provide a cheek on the validity of economic estimates by seeing if they "make sense" with respect to the rest of the economy; and to determine whether in fact industrial production is great enough to sustain military production ani consumption estimates. Part In of WG0-11.6 Ec..oeic Cepabilitiee otth Sovietaloo to Support a General War, details this analytical approach to swamis capabpties, 2. yebtejejleagdastga. While it is difficult to judge the technique mem because none of the three studies has been completed, it appears to be one which can become of great importance in achieving ORE objectives. The structural technique helps to bridge the gap between economic activity and military aotivity. It is the primary means we have for systematising production data so that estimates combs formed on the capabilities of the Bloc to produce military end-items, Similarly, though perhaps with even less precision, it assists in determining capabilities for military operations. In addition to its value in estimating overwall capabilities, the technique is useful for estimating capabilities in one or a few commodities. Another important use is for checking intelligence information by showing consistency among the data submitted from diverse sources. 3, Weaknesses of the Techninue. A thorough discussion of the weaknesses of input-output technique as ORE has used it would require a more elaborate theoretical discussion than is appropriate here. Suffice it to say that weaknesses of technique and of data are intimately interwoven with each other as well as with objectives of particu-lar input-output studies. The chief technical weaknesses are: (a) The technique assumes constant methods and scale of production (i.e., constant coefficients of production). Taking 2/ The term "structural Inter-industry" is used here instead of "input-output", because to date ORE research along these lines has used only a small part of the total technique established by Leontief and known as input-output analysis. Pilot Project D (see below) is. designated as an input-output study, because it will more nearly encompass the entire concept. Sanitized - Approved For RelkelEfiflitift0P75-00662R000300130005-3 Sanitized - Appved ForR A -RDP75-9462R000300130005-3 SORI l'IELVIUTT INFORMATION aeommt of changed in these coefficients greatly complleatos the technique and may often be impossible There is vide disagreement as to the quantitative importance of ignoring such changes, but errors are rivorrized it comparisons are made only for Short periods. (b) /t is impoosible to get 100 percent coverage of the eaoncmr by-using physical data. Value data, which might be used to fill in the gaps, are difficult to convert Into physical Units, Therefore, complete coverage can imobsAr not be satisfactorily achieved, Limitations of data are, if anything, greater than weaknesses of technique. A great amount of quantitative information is required and simply does not exist for the Soilet economy. The problems of the data can. not be completely solved; ORE must gradually firm up its estimates and work with the most reliable methods of obtaining technical information, and must orient its use of the technique to conform to the data available. ?5-, Sanitized - Approved F : CIA-RDP75-00662R000300130005-3 ? Sanitized - A ved For ilattlA-RDP75115662R000300130005-3 tlECIIRIrl INFORMATION `* TOShnique for Meseta:tine Colts Trade. .terdict 1. Resoriotioo and Application. . No very satisfaotory answer has yet been found to the question of who would lose more if East.West trade were severed. Difficulties are in part traceable to the vez7 nature of the problem and in part to improper formulation of the.prOhlee.: In its recent study (NIE.99), ORR has defined the problem as the measurement of 'comae gains, or ponversely the economic -loss resulting fromtiadeseverance That is, an attempt was made to measure the econamio . cost that would be imposed on the Bloc (West) if it In fact -produced all the items noe gotten through trade. This cost is the bundle of resources needed to replace imports minus the bundle released frbm produotiOn of exports, alga., ? gregated together in 'monetary" terms. /t will vary over the period following -trade severance. being highest immediately' after severance and deo-lint* gradually thereafter, The cost will be noh.strategic to the extent that it cant* shifted into the civilian sector without affecting output of militexy end.items or milltary.supporting items. 2. Value of the Technique. As to the value of this technique, the Working Group can agree on only one thing-.that ORRAs general approach to the problem is uSeful. When ORR was requested to make a study of the Importance of Fast-West trade to the Soviet Bloc and to the West, &difficult conceptual question wee posed*. Ina cold var setting, how is the importance of trede between nenemies".to be determined? The most frequently accepted definition 'of importance was in terms of the strategic worth of a commodity, Ar military end-iteu,. and other item, au& as petroleum and transport equipment, were regarded astaring great value. Civillan.type goods were regarded as having less or little war value. 'Between the extremes fell those commoditiee whole ***tame depended upon their ? closeness to military usage. A scale of values was Created, in which items whose ties to the armed forces could be Clearly discerned wore given high strategic ratings. ORR challenged this concept, offering both an alternative definition of strategic value andca-methed for measuring Changes in strategic welfare. The method has been described briefly in the preceeding section (see also An.Analvtical Framework for Stud,' of Ecotomlo Warfare is Aiplied to East.West Trade Problems, part of the ORR contribution to NIE-59Y.-. 3. Weaknesses of the: Technioue. While the Working Group is agreed that ORMs general approach to the problem posed is useful , there is no consensus among Group =Oben, on the manner In which the study was carried out, In the opinion of D/A, where the data were compiled and the study written, its major weaknes4 is the relatively shaky estimate of shortrun costs, The Shakiness flows largely from Inadequate information on the specific notion of trade and Of productive conditions within the Sloe. While estimates of aggregate long-run costs are reasonably reliable, those for specific industries are subject to extremely wide ranges of view. ,??? Sanitized - Approve se : CIA-RDP75-00662R000300130005-3 Sanitized - A rryed ForRxeleum itifoRNA-RnDomP754,62R000300130005-3 The other divides' have critioismi which go far beyond this. They are so extensive that they esanot be oondensed into this report. The Working Group therefore refers the reader to the WI, D/M, and DA eassente c 214.59, lab* were submitted to DA early this sumer. Two swobers of the (imp also wish tO boil down their primary complaint and record it here: that less tbse-oonstadig methods of estimating the costs would have achieved results equally D. ptherToehq1mi and Methods of Economia Analysis Used in the Freoeratigi9t Offl.vide -PrOleets Aside rem the three techniques of econasie analysis desoribed previously, no other techniques were introdueed to ORR for the first time on an Offieewide - bails during the' past. 'Wire the preparation of the ORR. contribution to NIZ43 eassisted of a meaty* exsapilation of. &Me? and other inforiBation an the Eastern European Satellites, arranged .In a logical sequence. It contained little genuine an4yels. The ORR itontribution to NTE-40 was simply a straight.. forward address to the g000tioo posed in the terns of reference: What would be. the potential eponomic gains of USSR resulting from acquisition or Continental Western Europe in mid-39527 It consisted or a series of area studies in whist* economic resources were estimated, totaled, andante:shed together, and estimates formed on the ability of the ussa to utilise Western European. resources,' - 7 - Sanitized - Approved For lija-RDP75-00662R000300130005-3 Sanitized - A ved For Release : A-RDP75-p0062R000300130005-3 SECURITY INFORMATION U. Beggemaations for Wflee.wide Projects tt.e.hate_W_ftUr..$2b japnarv The series of projects which werecommend in thie report comprises a prom pen for Offirsewwide research, But it is a flexible program, merely the one with* looks best to us sows ?Further refinement is needed, both =wand as the program (if it is adopted) proceols. We have allowed for flexibility. in several ways, NO attempt vas made to prognosticate the man-hours involved, the dates of Inauguration, the deadlines for completion..thereby. avoiding rigidity. Fur-. ther flexibility is obtained by the device of the pilot project, itbe Mies-wide projects Should not be undertaken until standard definitions, frames of reference, and methods have been explored via the skeshanism of a pilot project. The concept of the pilot project is highly re. garded by the Working Group, because it is felt that Offideawide projects Should be based mare on experience and less on intuitive judgments,. The emphasis in pilot projects viii boon critical evaluation of theory, methodology, and feasibility, They will protably also include some empirical analysis. A pilot Project will be a small study designed to push ORR research forward into new fields, it will be conducted by one or a few individuals from any division* It can be done in a week or in a year, depending on the Ease and timeliness of the subject, the availability of the material., and the necessity for wimple. tion so that the =workload of Officowide projects will, be constant. The ultimate Object of each pilot project will be to build the framework for a possible subsequent Office-wide project. If in the course of preparing the pilot study a topics is found not to be worthwhile or If it is found not feasible, then a reoommendation Will be forwarded to the (Act that an Office-wide project on that topic Amid not be undertaken, Thus further flexibility in Office-wide programming should be obtained, as well as higher achievement in results, The aeries of projects which we recommend follows. The series is divided into three groups, aecording to whether they should be inaugurated with or without a prosedintpilot study, and whether the pilot study is of higher or lower priority. No order of priority within eadh groUp is intended, Croup 1. Of4oe-v4de Prolog& Project A, Communist Chinceelconomic Develorasenti Top priority, at least until the first of the year, should be given to systematising ORR knowledge of Communist China, This is the greatest unexplored field of Bloc economic capabilities. When thie is done, and not until then, will it be possible to recommend techniques of economic analysis to be applied in interpreting the data so that the economic capabilities series can include studies on Communist China. We concur with the ORR Working Group an Communist China that a fact.finding project is the immediate need, Their recommendations for this project are incorporated in the following paragraphs. -.8.. Sanitized - Approved FitlfirpCIA-RDP75-00662R000300130005-3 Sanitized - Aprved For Release : CIA-RDP75M62R000300130005-3 1. The purpose of the project is threefOld: First, it is to assemble all of the immediately available and pertinent information on the economy of Communist China since 1949. Second, it is to ar-rive at a clear understanding of the economic plant which the Com-munists took over in 1949, and of the course of economic development since that time. And third, it is to develop an annotated bibliog-raphy of existing sources of information on the Chinese economy. 2. The approach is initially somewhat encyclopaedic in an attempt to locate and present all the pertinent intelligence on the area. On the basis of this fact-finding study priority requirement for collection, translation, and further analyses can be rationally determined. 3. Methodologically the project is in its first phase more descriptive than analytical. The paper completed by 15 January 1953 will outline what we know about developments in each of the sectors of the Chinese Communist economy. Important, readily available, and unevaluated information not covered in other studies will appear in the report. Previously prepared reports will be. merely referenced. Important sources of information not covered in the report will be carefully identified for further exploitation. 4. While the. initial phase of the project has been termed tact-finding," analysts will bear in mind the major intelligence problems for which we are called Upon to offer intelligence guidance. The problems are suggested by the following questions: (a) What are the present level and rate of growth of in-dustry? (b) What are the resources available, both on an immediate and deferred basis, to support the Communist Chinese military, industrial, and consumption programs? (c) what are the overall economic strains, fiscal and otherwise, created by current programs? (d) What are the economic strength and weaknesses of the major sector of the economy., ie., transportation, agriculture, power and fuel rettources, etc.? (e) What are the nature and extent of uhinese dependence on external sources of supply/ (f) What tre the logistic requirements of Chinese armies in military operations, the location of major arsenal:: and factories and the capacity of the transportation network to deliver supplies to present and potential theaters of operation. 9 .. flieriNima Sanitagq -.1knorgyed Fpr Rejig= CIA-13j2p75-WV,52R,1)90300130005-3 Sanitized - App"red For Release : CIA-RDP75-01,62R000300130005-3 GOSEERF P. ora Aa2se A major eaphaeie in Office.wide reeearOh projeots,daring the coming Year shouldicialsist in flg'ed inter.induetry structural analy.iO4, While Project:1104110.41eit4a failure in itself, theappreaCh-ieorie,which willetsit In organising large masses of data sy.tematlioilly and can gilia'ans.ervto the capabil-ities problem. The Program of etructtral analysis should consist of four sePirate Office.wide projects. While they are olbsely related to one another and will ultimately be fused into one project, at present they ought to be handled seperatelr. Tied in with a general structural study will be three special Office.wide studies designed not only to suppleient the general study but also to yield reports of importance in themielves. Two of these special studies...004 and manpower.-are to detereine in detail the use pattern? of specific items by estimating :their consumption in tilers sectbr of the:economy. The other is to analyse investment in great detail.', In addition to these three* a special atudy On energy would be desirable if it can be done. Hence a pilot Projebt on energy has been recommended. Pre** a1,, Stittiture14io4ivie_of Steel An Offtoeweidi:prejeot OA steel prot4t4 OoneuiptiosIsmild-ro-quire soh breech :it OVA to steel products Cbspe, ebeete, 04.0 inpot coefficients covering all it** falling within the branch's responsibility for which current production estimate& are available. This would give approximately the same ooverege as.NI1.65. These.estima is, which would be?, derived independently of the use pattern constructed by WPM branch, wouldconstitutera'separate steel repOrt. The value of the project would be tio-fold. First, it would contribute materially to filling'inicaps in the strtoturel table. .Second., it wOultipei.mit a quantitative determination of the limitation imposed by...steel supply on Soviet Ailitarydapabilities and economic to:passion. P.04,000t etruatuzi4,,5**, 011 San*let* ' An input study' On manpower, deitillhg labor input reoUirements by industry' and by *ill and oompational.ppesiality,'shOUld alek be undertaken. ft Stuld Woo here approximately the coverage men. *aimed under Project B/1. The manpower input stetion of the Andy would supplement the work of S/L, became a part of their 1953 re-ports, and contribute to the general structure analyeis. 10 efiReagiim Sanitized - Approved For Release : CIA-RDP75-00662R000300130005-3 Sanitized - Apprrd For Release : CIA-RDP75-98562R000300130005-3 elegOINIP Project B/j. Tis.a....jeast_.L.LitAnInvetet.ent An Office.mide project to study investment requirements is teloommended. Since this involves breaking new ground in many oases, the industry coverage should be a subject for further investiga. tic*, The project will remuire each branch to submit for each of the industries to be covered the following: (a) KA inventory of the Major equipment and machinery items by type and of construction teal-itiee, as of the end of 1952;,(b) the flow of such major capital items required for replacement in the year 1950 through 1954; and (e) the annual flow of such major capital items which would be re. quired to expand production capacity by the inordinate required in the Fifth Five.rear Plan or by ten percent per year. The study is of importance in estimating capabilities and reiource availability, in relating growth potential to the Five Tear Plan, in determining the demand on supporting .(haohinert, equipMent and construction) indus-tries, and in estimating the ?oats, in real terms, of diverting re-sources from investment to military production. . - . ' Frojeet 13/4 ?tenors]. Structural analysis About the first of the year (at least a month should be allowed for tooling up), a new general Office-wide structural study should be laid on which would Aim at bringing into.the table the major commodities and services tot Covered in ORR #21041. There would be no call for a general review of inputs and distribUtion patterns, except to the extent that improved data become available through branch studies and other projects. The additional commodities should give a coverage substantially that of 41145, or about 85 percent of the economy as a whole, The new study will extend ORR #11041, but in order that it be more reliable and more conclusive than it. pre-deceesor, three important departures are reeommended. The first is coverage of new industries snd commodities. The second is concen-tration on production and input patterns to the exclusion of use patterns. dhile it would also be, useful to have the last, it is more important that branches not scatter their effort in trying to estimate too many diverse things. Also, use patterns can be obtained from the input structure of industry., given adequate ooverage. The third departure is the inclusion of inputs into military endmitems. When hot war requirements are furnished by the military intelligence agencies to ORR, D/A will, without further formal contributions from other divisions, estimate hot war economic capabilities. Sanitized - Approved For Release : CIA-RDP75-00662R000300130005-3 Sanitized - Ap ved ForRah won6CIA-RDP757eT62R000300130005-3 Project O. Trends and Status of Soviet Bloc MiitaxoPrearation We recommend that a project be undertaken which would re.. quire branches to submit estimates on (a) strategic stockpiles, in-. eluding munitions, and (b) production of military end-items and supplies. D/L would use all the material, along with that of its divisional studies dealing with national economic *notate and area analyses, to draw together the complete project. It is contem-plated that the information on strategic stockpiling and the pro-duction of military end items will be submitted as the fruit of basic branch or division projects written during 1952 or to be written during 1953. However, it is recognised that demands an ORR by ONE and possibly others may require both an acceleration of the submiseion of information and broader coverage of the commodities in the ORR Standard Classification than is now provided by branch and division studies. Group 2. Higher Prioritx Pilot Project', Pilot Project A. Economic Vulnerabilitiee of the Soviet Bloo Vulnerability of the Soviet Bloc is one of the more advanced specialised subjects with which ORR should be concerned in 1953. A , pilot project to explore the Concept of economic) vulnerability, to establish standard definitions, to explore methods and data avail-ability and finally to test this theoretical work with an empirical study of East GerMany is proposed. The concept of economic) vulner-ability is still vague; all we can say is that it includes .such subjects as interdependence of. areas and industries, regional and industrial vulnerabilities, !soft spots" in the Bloc edonomy, and the economic importance of defeotions. East Germany is the obvious area to use for the empirical part of the study because of the mass of reliable: data available. By focusing on East Germany, bugs in the methods and concepts can be worked out and i framework for an Office-wide study developed. Pilot Project B. Structrual Analels of Eneret A more reliable estimate of energy input requirements for Bloc industries than those of ORR #105-51 (nein* completed) should be prepared. The study of energy requirements is complex and the Working Group believes it should first be undertaken as a pilot pro-ject, then later, if feasible, laid on as an .Office-wide project to supplement Projects B/1 through B/4 (above). Because of its com-plexity, coverage should be restricted to the major energy consuming industries. It is assumed that these would account for over half of total energy output. The remainder should be divided among other 4141111Min Sanitized - Approved For Release : CIA-RDP75-00662R000300130005-3 Sanitized - Appned For Release CIA-RDP75-98562R000300130005-3 GINOWNIND Soviet industries by analogy with US practice. The frame vice should be marked out ee that, among other problems, a mendation oan be made as to whether the project should be to electric power or should take into account a broader stddt fuels and their utilisation both for power and other purpo8es4 ,rot. the major consuming industries the method night consist of tndetipes first, making engineering or direct estimates of the totel endt.gy, expressed in a general unit, sag., BTU, required for powai, heat , processing, Space heating and lights and second, estimatinghoarmUch of ese snorer source (internal and external) *ether eleottatoeer, coal, petroleum or some other, is used by the notified ift lei The purpose of the study is to provide an approximate edergr 'be:Leads calculation, to improve the use pattern of energy in the structural table, and to develop a framework for a possible Offioe-wide projeCt. ? Pilot Project C. vereciation and Re &cement of Ca 't al OO' ds kb the present time we have very little knowledge, Mither in real or monetary terms of the depreciation and replaoomentpolidies and practices in the USSR. One result is a lack of infOrmation:On the presentcomposition and age distribution of the steek-of,44itil goods, which makes it difficult to calculate present SoViet invest-ment requirements. Also, we are not able to develop satiofeCtory annual capital input requirements. We recommend a pilot project; to initestigate these prOblems and to supplement and assist in the prep- . arationof Office-vide Project B/3,....2.Struturatasn.. ? Pilot Project 74 IrIP.1:41telaakIRAILEM4 . ORR has yet to und6rtike a full..scale input...output analysis, on the USSR. An input-output Analysis of the USSR would be subject ? to many limitatiOns both metho4D1W.dellrand data wise.. An explora-tion of the possibilities of the technique is certainly desirable in the next few months. The general theory underlying this form of analysis is well known; its aiplication to other than the US areas is largely untouched. The particular problem of the relationship of value to physical units where valuation is frequently arbitrary has not been examined at all. It is suggested that one or two indiv iduale be delegated to investigate thoroughly the possibilities of the technique as it would be applied to the USSR. After solving some problems Of method, an examination of the 3.947 US flow tables (transactions, coefficient, and inverse) might indicate ways of manipulating US data such that the method with all its theoretical vigor, will be applicable to the USSR. A significant Contribution -13. 4819 Sanitized - Ap ved For Release : CIA-RDP75-0,662R000300130005-3 might be made to ORRIs structural analysis and the way pointed to more rigorous theoretical background for Office-vide research. Group 3. Lower Priority Pilot Project Pilot Project E. Mobilization Programming At some point in the not very distant future ORR will be asked a series of uncomfortable questions revolving about the timing of full mobilization in the Soviet Bloc. These questions may well run: How long will it take the Bloc to mobilize; what quantities of what military end items can be turned out and what is the time phasing of this output; haw quickly can stockpiles be channelled into arma-ment plants and be turned into military end items; how soon can allocation of materials be shifted to military production and with what consequences; what effect will military operations during the mobilization period have on their production efforts? These are only samples of the problems ORR must be prepared to answer. ORR is un-prepared to answer theae questions. Mobilization programming is one of the most complicated problems the intelligence community will encounter. Substantial brain-breaking conceptual work must be done by all intelligence agencies, especi-ally by ORR It is suggested that during the nut year ORR, in .co-operation with the EIC, tackle the problems of mobilization pro-gramming on a pilot study basis. Pilot Project F. Locational Analysis of the Soviet Bloc The location of. industry- and its relation to the transportation network, natural resources, and markets in the USSR and Satellites are frequently referrecito,inAntelligence reports. References are usually limited to superficial comments on dispersion of industry, relative backwardness of transportation, regional self-sufficiency programs, and the stupidity of planners in laying out plants, groups Of plants, and agglomerations (cross-hauls in petroleum products, for instance). No solid work has been done on regional analysis and location of industry, as related to other important economic variables. We do not know how to conduct a meaningful study, despite the fact that there are Analysts competent in locational analysis in ORR, ONE, and elsewhere in the intelligence community. A thorough investigation is needed of fruitful approaches to the study of lo-cation of industry, not only to gain insights into resource allocation and planning in the Soviet aloc but also to improve analysis of inter-industrial structure. Such study is also pertinent to analysis of economic vulnerabilities. In the course of the pilot study, the 41011111WP Sanitized - Approved For Release : CIA-RDP75-00662R000300130005-3 Sanitized - App ved For Release : CIA-RDP75-1162R000300130005-3 414NNIMPs possibilities of utilizing external research would be thoroughly explored. Pilot Project G. An4yeis of Inventories No direct attempt at analysis of inventories has been made by ORR. At least two aspects of inventories maybe important. First, the availability of normal working inventories as a cushion against disruption of production or distribution has strategic significance. The level of working inventories influences the general vulnerability of an Bed:mgr. An inventory level sufficient to support production for some considerable time would tend to reduce the vulnerability of an industry to interdiction of its supplies. Second, changes in inventories are else a major component of investment. Hence, the full economic impact of increased output of any item or bill of good, cannot be ascertained without taking inventories into account. There are many problems of inventory analysis which have not been solved even on a theoretical basis. For the Bloc there are also important data limitations. It is recommended that a preliminary review be . made of the possible benefits to be &rived from a study, of inven tories, of data limitations, and of the conceptual and methodolog. ical problems involved, Group It. Intertivisional ProJects In addition to these, there are a number of other projects cutting across divisional lines Which the Working Group believes should be undertaken this year. These include input studies on tanks, aircraft, and electronics; rublesdollar studies; feasibility and implications of the Fifth.Five-Year Plan; and analysis of the firmness and reliability of production estimates and of Soviet pUb-lished statistics. They should be undertaken as branch or division projects, with interdivisional cooperation. Since these studies are projects which will be conducted primarily by one branch or one avisions and the contribution to them from other Elvidiont will be relatively small, they are not included in this report as Officewide or as pilot projects. How.. ever, some o the time allocated to Office-vide projects should be set aside for preparing contributions to ihters.divisional projects. Sanitized - Approved For Release : CIA-RDP75-00662R000300130005-3 Sanitized - Aprewed For Release : CIA-RDP75-7eep62R000300130005-3 III. Series of Occasional Papers The Working Group believes that ORR personnel at all levels should be encouraged to put on paper their original thoughts and their "side-line" research conceivably of value anywhere in CIA. If some meChanism were created, sUch as a series of Occasional Papers, ideas of all kinds which do not fit into established pub. lication series could be refined, published, and discussed. The benefits would, we believe, be extensive. It would encourage or-iginal thought and research, as well As stimulate discussion and exchange of ideas, all of which in turn should influence all forms of ORR research. Accordingly, the Group recommends that this series be launched at once, along with proper encouragement for all personnel to par-ticipate. Following are several papers already completed which could become a part of the Series: (a) The methodology appendix,. 'common to 11541, 4641, and 47-51, dealing with electrical machinery, electron tubes, and elec-tronic components. (b) Appendix A on methods of estimating unreported trade in MP-8I, which deals with the quantitative importance of clan-destine trade. (c) The analytical framework for the study of economic warfare as applied to East.West trades a contribution to NIE49. (d) "Rules versus intuitive judgment," a methodology paper written in I/A&W, unpublietItiNja (e) Notes (f) Memo (g) Memo technique, ''361,0Wgi?gY, October 1951. on economic capabilities, February 1952o on East-West trade and input-output Octob25Aqa (h) A/EC paper on Uses and limitations of Soviet products indices25xiA9a (i) A/EC pape on the Soviet Price System. (3) A/EC memo on Soviet prices and indices. . 16 . Sanitized - Approved For Release : CIA-RDP75-00662R000300130005-3 Sanitized - Appnfed For Release : CIA-RDP75-00562R000300130005-3 MOW (k) The methodology chapter in 38-51 (PR.'S) on input re.. quirements in the aircraft industry. (1) Correlation analysis in crop yield estimation, a part of 52$1. - 4141111111ED Sanitized - Approved For Release : CIA-RDP75-00662R000300130005-3 Sanitized - App ed For Release : CIA-RDP75-00462R000300130005-3 Materiels Division's Dissent to the Report of the Working Group on Teohniquea and Projects DA proposes' that project B/h be changed to an interdivisionel study under DA with former support trot other divisions, The .pcope of the project as *scribed in the Working Group's report is . inual.too broad. The additional commodities covered in W/E4115 num!., ? ber.almost?as many- as the origins], ngMber in JCS 21041, For awry r .oihese the value of estimating inputs ip not worth the work ing. volved. A more workable arrangement would be for 1)/A in consult*. tion with the other divisions concerned to 'prepare a list.ofoomm. modities limited in number but still adding significantly to the coverage of the structural table, On this bast the projeot could, well be handled as a DeA project with.formal support of other divi? alone and need not be laid on as an'offioe-wide project. ? 25X1A9a SUPPLEMENTAL NOTE The pilot study concept is very goods but in' drawing up the procedure set forth in the report, one factor relating to human nature has been ignored. The people who are most likely to be 'as-signed to investigate the need for a project, its feasibility and the techniques by which results oan hest be attained,are those who are its proponents, Quite without conscious bias, they are likely to become more and more convinced of the prime value of the study as they live with the ideas and more set in their convictions that the method of approach which they work out is the only true doctrine and that difficUlties and imperfections are minor things that good will and cooperativeness can easily vanquish. This mist be guarded against, and Preferably without taking up the time of the executives in conferences to whicp they come after brief preparation to meet . the arguments of a proponent who may have spent months in building up a very plausible but basically unsound case. The concept of 'a "Devil's Advocate" is here suggested. It might be advisable to require a person or group to go over the same field that the student of a pilot project does after he is far advanced In his work. Such a person or group would be instructed to inves-tigate why the project should not be done. If the project survives this tests the suggested technical procedures for ite effectuation should then te given oritical studio to point out weakhesses and alternative methods and to suggest,revisions of scope if deemed ? . 18 AMMO= Sanitized - Approved For Release : CIA-RDP75-00662R000300130005-3 Sanitized - App ed For Release : CIA-RDP75-R8962R000300130005-3 desirable. Only after this would the project come up for formal executive attention. It is not contemplated that the "Devil's Advocate" have veto power to prevent submission of a project, but that when a. project is not passed by him, the evidence against it will be available to assist in Project Board evaluation.. - 19 Sanitized - Approved For Release : CIA-RDP75-00662R000300130005-3