Fascinating and hilarious animated special that will open your eyes. "The AMERICAN DREAM is a 30 minute animated film that shows you how you've been scammed by the most basic elements of our government system. All of us Americans strive for the American Dream, and this film shows you why your dream is getting farther and farther away. Do you know how your money is created? Or how banking works? Why did housing prices skyrocket and then plunge? Do you really know what the Federal Reserve System is and how it affects you every single day? THE AMERICAN DREAM takes an entertaining but hard hitting look at how the problems we have today are nothing new, and why leaders throughout our history have warned us and fought against the current type of financial system we have in America today. You will be challenged to investigate some very entrenched and powerful institutions in this nation, and hopefully encouraged to help get our nation back on track." The Invisible Empire Fascism at the "Fed" - UNSCRUBBED! Before Barack Obama - The Amazing True Story of How Wall Street Tried to Seize the U.S. Government Barack Obama - A Wall Street Puppet - by Historian Dr. Webster G. Tarpley WHERE did my money go? 9 TRILLION Dollars Missing from "Federal" Reserve - Fed Inspector Clueless Is There Gold in Fort Knox? An Investigation into the Heist of the Ages. Dodd Report to the Reece Committee on Foundations - 1954 - Robber Baron Hijacking of the USA - Christopher Dodd Congressman McFadden on the Federal Reserve Corporation Should probably be shown in every high school and every civics class. FAIR USE NOTICE: This may contain copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available in our efforts to advance understanding of criminal justice, political, human rights, economic, democracy, scientific, and social justice issues, etc. We believe this constitutes a 'fair use' of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law. In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, this material is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes. For more information go to: http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/17/107.shtml. If you wish to use copyrighted material from this site for purposes of your own that go beyond 'fair use', you must obtain permission from the copyright owner.