Vanishing Chinatown: The World of The May's Photo Studio , a 2020 documentary by Ephemera Pictures. Running time 28 minutes. Director/Editor: Emiko Omori Producers: Lydia Tanji and Wylie Wong Executive Producer: gayle k. yamada Cinematographer: Michael Chin Sound: Sara Chin Consulting Editor: Wendy Slick ©2020 Ephemera Pictures, LLC  All Rights Reserved Vanishing Chinatown: The World of The May's Photo Studio brings families together: in the past by splicing together family portraits in spite of family separations due to the Chinese Exclusion Act, and in the present by reconnecting May’s granddaughter with her family's legacy.  These stunning images document San Francisco Chinatown in the early to mid-1900s, a vanishing “old Chinatown” vibrant with culture, chronicling the lives of an immigrant community becoming Americanized, photographed by a member of that community presenting immigrants as they wanted to be remembered.  The photographs were almost lost, but art student Wylie Wong rescued 700 photographs trashed in a dumpster. Corinne Chan Takayama, granddaughter of the photographers Leo and Isabella May Chan Lee didn't know what had happened to the photographs, but forty years later found that Wylie had saved some of the photographs. We interweave Corinne and Wylie as Corinne tells personal stories sparked by the photographs and Wylie, along with other historians and Cantonese opera performers, explain the historical background and artistic value of the images. The importance of family, preserving memories and dreams of earlier generations, identity, and a creative resistance to racist laws and societal constraints are the main themes in Vanishing Chinatown. We hope Vanishing Chinatown will spark more questions about other Chinese American photographers, the Cantonese opera, and the legacy of family histories. Website: https://www.vanishingchinatown.com/ Educational screenings are available through the Center for Asian American Media .  Contact distribution@caamedia.org View the Wylie Wong collection of May's Studio photographs and San Francisco Chinatown ephemera, 1920-1999 , in the Stanford Digital Repository