54 Coupling Adventures Creative positions for intimacy BY THE EDITORS OF MEN’S HEALTH If you suddenly have an itch to try some new sex positions, we’re not surprised. When we recently surveyed 1,229 American men about their sex lives, a third of respondents said they’re feeling more sexually experimental now than before the pandemic began. According to Justin Lehmiller, Ph.D., Kinsey Institute researcher and member of the Men’s Health Advisory Panel, stress could have something to do with the widespread craving for sexual novelty. “When we’re stressed, it’s often harder to feel desire or to stay in the moment, because our mind is distracted and wandering,” Lehmiller says. “Trying something new can create this immersive experience that lets us be in the moment and raises sexual arousal.” A fun, new sex position is an easy way to immerse yourself in a sexual experience. Take a much-needed break from stressing about work or the state of the world by attempting something adventurous in the bedroom, like the many sex positions you’ll find on this list. (Don’t worry, we also included fan favorites like missionary, cowgirl, spooning, and doggy style.) Which position(s) should you try first? Start by asking yourself what you’re hoping to achieve by changing up your usual routine. This will guide how you approach this list of 50 sex positions, explains Ian Kerner, Ph.D., LMFT, sex therapist, and author of She Comes First and So Tell Me About the Last Time You Had Sex. If your partner has a vulva and you’re looking for positions to help them orgasm, then you want to look for sex positions where you can manually stimulate your partner’s clitoris during penetration. “Most [vulva owners] are not going to be able to get highly aroused or have an orgasm unless there’s some kind of clitoral stimulation happening,” Kerner says. Or perhaps you want to explore elements of BDSM (an umbrella term encompassing Bondage and Discipline, Dominance and Submission, Sadism, and Masochism) with new sex positions. “Some of these positions are great for power play, where you can feel dominant or submissive,” Kerner says. Some of these sex positions are fun to try for novelty’s sake, but not necessarily ideal from start to finish. “You will likely want to mix and match positions,” Kerner says. “You can start in some of the more adventurous and highly athletic positions, but then transition into a less demanding position, where you can fully relax and feel present in the sex you’re having.” If a sex position feels uncomfortable, don’t overdo it. This isn’t a “push through the pain” situation. Just switch to something else! There are plenty of positions here to choose from.   Part 1 - Stand and Deliver Also known as: The Bicycle Benefits: You can enjoy the view of your penis thrusting. Technique: Stand at the edge of a bed or desk while your partner lies back and raises their legs to their chest. Their knees are bent as if they're doing a "bicycling" exercise. Grab their ankles and enter them. Thrust slowly, as the deep penetration may be painful for them. Also try: Have your partner place their heels on your shoulders, which will open their hips so their labia press against you. Hot tip: Encourage your partner to play with their clitoris manually. Also, show them that they can control your penetration by flexing their thighs.   Part 2 - Face Off Also known as: The Lap Dance Benefits: Allows for face-to-face intimacy; cozy for long sessions. Technique: Sit on a chair or the edge of the bed. Your woman then faces you, wraps her arms around your back, climbs on top, and sits on your lap. Once in the saddle, she can ride up and down on your penis by pressing with her legs or knees. Want to go faster? Assist by grabbing her buttocks and lifting and bouncing. Also try: Your woman can sit astride facing you on a rocking chair. Old wooden rockers on hardwood or stone floors provide the greatest variety of good vibes. Hot tip: There's lots of room for creativity in this position for stimulating erogenous areas of the upper body, head, neck, and face. If she likes to have her nipples licked, go for it!   Part 3 - Pearly Gates Benefits: Great for G-spot stimulation. Technique: You lie on your back. Your woman can straddles you in a reverse cowgirl position before carefully leaning backward until her back is on your chest. Hot tip: You can reach around and play with her nipples or clitoris. (She can also use a vibrator in this position.)   Part 4 - The Socket     Benefits: “This looks like it's a nice position to fantasize a little and get a new view of your woman’s behind,” says Kerner. “It's a chance to get absorbed in the sensations.” Technique: From reverse cowgirl, have her bend all the way forward, extending her legs all the way back. She should be supporting her body by resting on her elbows, as if she was holding a plank. Hot tip: Your woman can easily stimulate her own clitoris while you penetrate her. If the two of you are into spanking, go for it.   Part 5 - Happy Baby Benefits: Ideal for vaginal and anal penetration. This one's great for her G-spot stimulation. And it's a comfortable option if the woman experiences lower back pain. Technique: The woman assumes the happy baby pose, a popular yoga position where you lie on your back, bend your knees into your chest, grip the outer edges of your feet, and roll side to side like, well, a happy baby. In this case, instead of rolling around, the woman stays put so you can enter her from a kneeling position. Also try: Tweaking your angles by sliding a sex pillow underneath her hips.     Part 6 - Standing O Benefits: Ideal position for all things cunnilingus: clit sucking, rubbing, digital penetration, G-spot stimulation. Technique: While on your knees, have your woman stand up-right. She should then drape one of her legs around your shoulder while you eat her out. Hot tip: Ideally, you want your woman's hands above your head. This can be accomplished through the use of some BDSM restraints. If restraints aren’t her thing, see if you can find an anchored bar or beam for her to grasp.       Part 7 - The Little Dipper   Benefits: “A great position that allows for clitoral stimulation with both your mouth and fingers,” says Kerner.   Technique: FYI, the woman will have sore triceps once you both finish.   For the Little Dipper, the woman is on top & uses either a bed, couch, or chair to hoist herself over you. You then insert your penis into her vagina or anus. She then does tricep dips to move up and down on your penis. If done correctly, you should be in a T-shape formation.   Hot tip: Play with the top’s penis or clitoris for extra stimulation.   Part 8 - The ‘69′ Bridge Also known as: Golden Gate FYI: If your woman can do this, she may have been a Russian ballerina in a past life. Technique: “This just looks impossible to me,” says Kerner. “But if your woman is able to do it, go for it. I think it’s just a victory in being able to pull this position off.” Add an incentive reward if she needs encouragement. A small, slender woman will have an easier time trying. Hot tip: You may need to help out your woman by thrusting your pelvis up, so her mouth can actually reach your genitals.     Part 9 - Coital Alignment Technique Also known as: The CAT Benefits: Strong clitoral stimulation. In a study published in the Journal of Sex and Marital Therapy, women who were unable to have an orgasm in the missionary position reported a 56 percent increase in orgasm frequency using the coital alignment technique. Other studies suggest even greater success, with up to 73 percent of women achieving orgasm with CAT. Technique: The CAT is very similar to the missionary position except your body is positioned farther up and to one side. Instead of being chest to chest, your chest is near your woman's shoulders. Have her bend her legs about 45 degrees to tilt her hips up. This causes the base of your shaft to maintain constant contact with the clitoris. Also try: Ask your woman to straighten her legs. Push your pelvis down a few inches while she pushes up. Hot tip: Instead of thrusting up and down, rock forward and back to (hopefully) provide enough stimulation for your woman to orgasm. Make this position even better by grinding your pelvis in a circular motion.   Part 10 - The Captain Also known as: V is for Victory Benefits: Deep penetration, G-spot stimulation, and access to the clitoris. Technique: The woman lies on her back and raises her legs in the air. Kneeling, hold her ankles and spread her legs into a V shape before entering her. Also try: Making sure she stretches her hamstrings first. Hot tip: Since your hands are busy holding her legs in place, she should hold a vibrator if she wants to add some added clit stimulation to this position.   Part 11 - Waterfall Also known as: Head Rush Benefits: The blood will rush to your other head too. Technique: Move to the edge of the bed and lie back with your head and shoulders on the floor as your woman straddles your pelvis. The blood will rush to your head, creating mind-blowing sensations upon orgasm.   Part 12 - One Up Also known as: Over Your Shoulder, The Hamstring Stretch Benefits: This is the best sex position for people who are particularly sensitive along one side of the clitoris. Technique: Kneel on the floor with your woman lying on the edge of the bed or sectional. Raise one of her legs and ask her to support it by wrapping her hands around her hamstring just below the knee. With one hip raised, she will be able to add some movement to aid in your stroking or to help move you to the perfect spot. Also try: Encourage your woman to wriggle a little to help you get the rhythm right. Hot tip: During oral sex, allow the knuckle of your finger to trail behind your tongue. The contrast between soft flesh of the tongue and hard bone of the finger will create a pleasing sensation. (For more oral pleasure positions, check out Your Ultimate Guide to Oral Sex.) Hot tip for her: She can let you know the tongue pressure and technique she prefers by demonstrating with her mouth on your earlobe.   Part 13 - Cowgirl Also known as: Woman On Top Benefits: “There's going to be G-spot stimulation, clitoral stimulation, and cervical stimulation,” says Kerner. “It’s a nice position for her to really control their orgasm. It also gives you a great view of everything that’s happening.” Technique: Cowgirl is one of the best sex positions because it allows for a variety of interesting sights and sensations, and offers your woman the psychological advantage of taking charge of pace and depth of penetration. Alternate between shallow and deep thrusts. "Shallow will stimulate the front third of the vagina, which is the most sensitive," says sex therapist Rebecca Rosenblat, author of Seducing Your Man. Also try: Lie chest to chest, with your woman, stretching her legs out on top of your legs. Your woman should brace her feet on the tops of yours and push off to create a rocking motion that will rub the vulva and clitoral area against your pubic bone for greater pleasure. Hot tip: It will be easier for your woman to climax if you stimulate her manually and orally until she’s extremely aroused. From the cowgirl position, have her squat over your face so you can pull off some oral stimulation.     Part 14 - Hot Seat Also known as: The Love Seat, The Man Chair Benefits: Good G-spot stimulation. Technique: Sit on the edge of the bed or on a chair with your feet on the floor. Your woman turns away and backs up onto you, sitting between your legs. She can ride back and forth by pushing off the chair arms or pressing up with her feet. She can control the angle of entry by arching her back and pressing her buttocks into your groin. While doggy style is about your dominance, The Hot Seat puts your woman in the driver's seat. And that makes it one of the best sex positions for both of you. Also try: Your woman can reach under and stimulate the base of your penis, scrotum, and perineum. Meanwhile, you can reach around and stimulate her nipples.     Part 15 - Spin Cycle Also known as: Maytag Repair Man Benefits: Extra vibes. Technique: This is a variation on the Hot Seat with your woman sitting in your lap, but this time planting yourselves on top of a washing machine, set at the highest agitator cycle.   Part 16 - Stairway to Heaven Also known as: Step Lively Benefits: Good hand holds for your woman, and you don't have to wait until reaching the bedroom. Technique: This is a variation on the Hot Seat with your woman sitting on top of you while you sit on one of the stairs of a staircase. Stairs offer good seating possibilities, and a handrail for extra support and lifting leverage for them.       Part 17 - Reverse Cowgirl Also known as: Rodeo Drive, Half Way Around the World Benefits: With a pillow under your head, you get an awesome view of your woman’s backside. She can control depth of penetration and pace with this sex position. Technique: Lie on your back with your legs outstretched. Your woman kneels next to you, then turns and spreads her legs, straddling your hips and facing your feet. Kneeling, she lowers down onto your penis and begins riding you. Also try: Have your woman lean forward or back to change the angle of the penis for greater stimulation. Hot tip for her: From this position, she can easily reach down to touch herself or direct your penis to where it feels best. She can also fondle your scrotum or massage your prostate, or anus. Hot tip for him: You can easily add anal massaging to heighten her arousal. Have anal lube available if she wants your fingers to venture farther in, back there. Part 18 - Pole Position Also known as: Thighmaster Benefits: Dual stimulation for your partner; for you—a great view of her rear and your penis entering her. Technique: Lie on your back and bend one of your legs so the knee is up in the air, keeping the other outstretched horizontally. Your woman straddles the raised leg with a thigh on either side and lowers herself onto your vertical penis(the pole), so that her backside is somewhat facing you. She should hold your knee and use it for support as she rocks up and down. She can have her knees down, or one leg swatted between your legs. Also try: she can press her vulva hard against your upper thigh, rubbing as the feeling dictates. Hot tip for her: From Pole Position, your woman can massage your raised leg during the action. Or reach down and touch your perineum. Hot tip for him: Your eyes may be admiring the view of her arse, but she may really want a gentle sphincter massage.  Have some anal lube within reach, as she may decide she wants you to explore her anal region farther in, as her climax builds.   Part 19 - Lazy Man Also known as: The Squat Thrust Benefits: Puts her in control, maintains intimacy. Provides a frisky woman some sexual activities when you have little energy or physical limitations. As long as she can get you hard, she has all she needs to ‘scratch her deepest itches’. Technique: Place pillows behind your back and sit on the bed with legs outstretched. Your woman straddles your waist, feet on the bed. She then bends her knees to lower herself onto you, using one hand to direct your penis in. Just by pressing on the balls of her feet and releasing, she can raise and lower herself on your shaft as slowly or quickly as she pleases. Also try: From this position, you both lie back into the Spider position or its more challenging variation, The X.   Part 20 - David Copperfield Also known as: Trick & Treat Benefits: This sex position is the “pièce de résistance” for partners who prefer a strong, upward stroking motion. Technique: Place a pillow under her hips to tilt her pelvis up. Bend her knees so she can place her feet on your shoulder blades. This experience is all about using both hands and your mouth, drawing out the hidden clitoris from its nest, and lavishing it with tender affection & intense stimulation. Also try: Amplify your oral efforts with a simple sleight-of-hand trick: While you lap away, try using your hands to push gently upward on her abdomen, stretching her skin away from her pubic bone, and helping to coax the head of the clitoris out from beneath the hood. Hot tip: Let your tongue rest firmly and flat against the full length of the vaginal entrance, then have her move and grind against your tongue.   Part 21 - Heir to the Throne Also known as: Lazy Girl Benefits: The ultimate sex position for oral on the go, use this to get your woman in the mood and help them cut loose. Technique: Have your woman sit on a chair with her legs wide open. You take it from there. This is a good sex position for either beginning the slow build-up with loose, broad, strokes, or ending with strong suction. Your woman is able to easily guide you, and she’s able to get a full view of you between her legs, which is a turn-on for many women. Also try: Switch to a swivel chair and turn it left and right as you hold your tongue stationary. Hot tip: Insert your index and ring fingers and stroke in a "come hither" motion to wake up her G-spot using this sex position. With either your tongue or other hand, apply pressure to her pubic bone. This dual stimulation executed just right will send your woman over the edge.   Part 23 - Pretzel Also known as: The Pretzel Dip, The Camel Ride Benefits: The deep penetration of doggy-style while face to face. Technique: Kneel and straddle her lower leg while she’s lying on her side. Your partner will bend their upper leg around the side of your waist, which will give you access to enter her vagina. For many women, rear entry hurts their backs. This sex position allows them to lounge comfortably while enjoying deep penetration. This position is ideal for women who are healing from physical setbacks, because the man can better avoid rough agitation while copulating. Also try: Manually stimulate her using your fingers. Or withdraw your penis and, holding the shaft with your left hand, rub the head against her clitoris to bring her to the brink of orgasm. You can reinsert when she wants you back inside. Hot tip: Be gentle with her clitoris. It's more sensitive than your penis, so touch lightly at first. Some women even prefer gentle pressure around it rather than direct stimulation. Go soft, then increase speed and pressure. Hot tip for him: And ask her to direct you, faster, slower, lighter, harder.   Part 24 - Yourself on the Shelf Also known as: The Bicycle Benefits: “You can enjoy the view of your penis thrusting inside of your woman, and this position really allows for direct clitoral stimulation,” says Kerner. FYI: This position requires a man with enough strength to hold his woman safely, while she  gyrates up & down on his penis. Technique: Have your woman perch her butt right on the edge of  a bed, chair, counter, or table. With you standing in front, you can enter her. Then have her wrap her legs around you. From there, stand up-right, placing your hands firmly around her back to support your woman without injuring your penis. Also Try: If you don’t have the quad and glute muscles to pull this position off, just keep your partner on the edge of a counter, table, or other furnishing, penetrating them there. Hot Tip: It’s a great way to finish having sex. Since the position is strenuous, try moving to it 30-60 seconds before you and your partner are about to orgasm. Caution: Have a safe emergency landing spot near you(bed or sofa), in case you have an injury or lose your balance.   Part 25 - The G-Whiz Also known as: The Shoulder Holder, The Anvil Benefits: Allows deep penetration and targeting the G-spot Technique: Your woman lies on her back. You kneel between her legs and raise them, resting their calves over each of your shoulders. Rock them in a side-to-side and up-and-down motion to bring the head and shaft of your penis in direct contact with the front wall of her vagina. Because this angle allows for deep penetration, thrust slowly at first, to avoid causing discomfort. Also try: Bring her legs down and have her place her feet on your chest in front of your shoulders. This allows your woman to control the tempo and depth of thrusts. Hot tip: Notice when your woman is nearing orgasm. You do that by listening for her breath to become short and shallow. Flushed skin and slightly engorged breasts also indicate she’s nearing the peak of her arousal.   Part 26 - Doggy Style Also known as: Man's Best Friend Benefits: Deep penetration and an erotic view. Technique: This could be your next move after starting in The Flatiron sex position. Entering your kneeling woman from behind, you'll be able to thrust deep, so the tip of your penis touches her cervix, an often-neglected pleasure zone. But you should do this slowly and gently. Some women find it painful. Hot tip for her: She may be able to increase the intensity of your orgasm by pushing her pelvic floor muscles outward, as if trying to squeeze something out of their vagina. This causes the vaginal walls to lower, making the G-spot more accessible. Hot tip for him:  Your hands are free to roam her body. Try leaning over her back & reaching her dangling, drooping breasts. Her nipples may become very firm aroused, and engorged. Try stroking her hair, shoulders and back.  Reach around her hips to stroke her clit while penetrating her. Hang onto her hips and get aggressive if she likes a rougher pounding. Have some oil or lube handy to massage her anus while you have an excellent view and access. She may want you to explore further in her anus if she’s in the mood for it.   Part 27 - The Flatiron Also known as: Downward Dog, The Belly Flop Benefits: Intensifies vaginal pleasure. Technique: Your woman lies face down on the bed, knees slightly bent and hips slightly raised. For comfort, and to increase the angle of her hips, she can place a pillow under her lower abs. You enter her from behind and keep your weight off her body by propping yourself up with your arms. This position creates a snug fit, making you feel larger to your partner. Many men find this position very convenient when they come home late to their sleeping partner. But be advised to use lube on your penis first, and go slow if you’re surprising your partner. Her vagina probably hasn’t had time to respond sexually with sufficient natural lubrication. Also try: You'll last longer in this position if you switch to shallower thrusts and begin deep breathing. Hot tip: Less friction means less stimulation—and can help you last longer. Try using a very slippery silicon-based lubricant, which may allow you to thrust longer before reaching orgasm.   Part 28 - Butter Churner Also known as: Squat Thruster Benefits: An extra rush of blood to your woman’s head to increase her ecstasy. Technique: Have your woman lie on her back with her legs raised over her head. This is not a plain Jane position! Squat over her, holding her upraised legs steady; and dip your penis in and out of her vagina. Be extra careful to thrust lightly to avoid stressing her neck—Kerner warns this position could potentially result in a neck injury. The side armrest of a sofa might help create a position similar to this with less physical exertion. Warning: Most men’s erect penises have limits to how much they can bend downward. If this position is painful, stop before your penis ruptures internally and needs emergency surgery. Also try: By removing yourself fully, you'll give your partner the extremely pleasurable feeling of you first entering them over and over again. Hot tip: Novelty ignites passion by increasing your brain's levels of dopamine, a neurotransmitter linked to romance and sex drive, says biological anthropologist Helen Fisher, PhD. The Butter Churner qualifies for novelty, but you don't need to go to such extremes to sustain romance. Anything that's new and different will do the trick.   Part 29 - Ballerina Also called Ballet Dancer Benefits: Erotic move for quickies in tight quarters. Good option for outdoor sex. Allows for easier penetration. Your woman has control of thrusting, depth, and angle. Technique: You stand facing one another. Your partner raises one of her legs up and wraps it around your buttocks or thigh and pulls you into her with her leg. Also try: If that wrapped leg gets tired, cradle it with your arm. If your woman is very flexible, lift her leg over your shoulder. Hot tip: Try this standing position in a hot shower, if you have something  to hang onto. During the steamy foreplay, rub each other's entire body with a coarse scrub to stimulate nerve endings and blood flow.   Part 30 - Iron Chef Also known as: Kitchen Confidential Benefits: Good sex position for a quickie with deep penetration. Technique: A variation between The Ballet Dancer & Yourself on a Shelf; in which your woman raises her legs up and wraps them around your butt or thighs. Your kitchen counter is often the perfect height for this standing-to-seated appetizer. Tip for him: Women often fantasize about being ravaged by their man while preparing him a special meal. Watch for signals, like a scantily dressed, or suggestive-talking woman in the kitchen. Kissing keeps her cooking!   Part 31 - H2-Ohh Yeah Also known as: Aquaman's Delight, Water Sex Benefits: Good for an outdoors quickie, while still avoiding prying eyes. Technique: Another variation of The Ballet Dancer. Your partner's buoyancy in the water makes this sex position easier to hold. And all you need to do is shift some bathing suit material out of the way of certain body parts; the lifeguards will be none the wiser. Tip for her: Cold water can hamper a man’s sexual response, so she needs to be especially attentive to arousing him in a cold pool or lake.  On the positive side, men don’t ejaculate as quickly when their genitals are cold, so she gets to take her time and enjoy the ride longer.  Shoulder deep water is best for minimizing the weight of the woman getting a ride on her man.   Part 32 - Wheelbarrow, Standing Also known as: The Hoover Maneuver Benefits: Calorie burner because it's so athletic. You can stroll around the house in this position, but draw the shades first. She may also experience a heightened climax from blood rushing to her head. Technique: You enter your woman as you would in doggy, or standing, rear entry; but lift her up by the pelvis and have her grip your waist with her legs. Stand up to invert her body, while thrusting rhythmically.  Summer camp wheelbarrow races were never this much fun! Also try: Ask her to rhythmically squeeze her pelvic floor muscles, to help her climax.   Part 33 - Seated Wheelbarrow Also known as: Wheelbarrow at Rest Benefits: Less strenuous than the standing varieties of this sex position, while still offering intense sensation. With less ability to thrust, this position allows a guy to last longer before blowing his load. Technique: A recliner or the edge of a bed  will be handy for this. The man is seated and lays back. The woman straddles over him, facing away from him, and moves her vagina down his erect penis (as in Reverse Cowgirl) He begins to sit up and firmly holds her around her hips as she leans down over his legs. The man firmly keeps his hold around her waist while she extends her legs backward along either side of him. She continues letting her torso lower down to the floor, while he’s holding her hips firmly planted against his penis. She sets the motion while he enjoys a great view and access  to her anal assets. Try the wheelbarrow while sitting on the edge of a bed or chair. Movement is limited, but penetration is deep. Hot tips for him: Make some noise. Explore the deeper sexual response and energy by letting loose with powerful sounds, a roar, perhaps? Have some oil or lube nearby to give her a special anal massage and/or exploration.   Part 34 - Standing Dragon Also known as: Crouching Tiger, Hidden Serpent Benefits: An ideal position for G-spot stimulation. Seeing the round curves of your woman’s rear tends to be highly erotic for you. Technique: Stand and enter your woman from behind as she poses on all fours on the edge of the bed and arches her back to lift her buttocks. Also try: You can move your legs outside of hers, then use your thighs to squeeze her knees together, which tightens her vagina around your penis. The tightness often enhances the response for both of you. Tip for him: This position also allows you to keep both hands free for pleasuring her backside. Keep some lube handy in case she wants deep anal massaging.   Part 35 - Restroom Attendant Also known as: Drop the Soap Benefits: Good for a quickie at the workplace, a party, or mid-flight. Technique: Slip into a bathroom and ask her to look into the mirror while you enter her from behind. It lets you have eye contact during the G-spot-targeting rear-entry sex position. FYI: Women fantasize about this scenario.   Part 36 - Couch Surfer Also known as: The Lazy Susan Benefits: Convenient for a quickie and adds spice outside the bedroom. Technique: Ask your woman to bend her body over the arm of a couch as you enter her from behind. She can grind on the firm but cushy arm for multiple stimulation with minimal effort. Also try: Have her cross her ankles. This will squeeze her vaginal and gluteal muscles tightly around your penis. FYI: This is safer than the Butter Churner, but similar   Part 37 - Quickie-Fix Also known as: The Bends Benefits: Greater thrusting power, and good for quickie sex in your kitchen, especially if your partner is wearing a skirt. Technique: Ask her to bend at the waist and rest her hands on a piece of furniture, her knees or the floor for support. You enter her from behind and hold her hips for support as you thrust. Also try: Reach below to caress her clitoris for extra stimulation. This is a great ‘shower sex’ position. Hot tip: Massage her shoulders or stimulate her breasts by bending over her.     Part 38 - Mountain Climber Also known as: The Pushup Benefits: Creates great eye-to-eye contact. Keeps your weight off her body. Technique: There's a reason people swoon when they see a six pack. They know a man with strong abs is going to be great in the sack. The mountain climber position shows off your strength and hard abs (if you have them). While penetrating between your woman’s legs, assume the standard "push up" position. This gives you a great live porno view, and you’re the porn star! You can watch her body react to a building orgasm. Also try: Lower yourself to kiss your partner teasingly while thrusting with your shoulders as well as your pelvis. Hot tip: Tease her with a series of moves: by entering with just the tip; thrusting just halfway in; then removing yourself and stroking her outside with your rigid penis. She can reach down and grab your shaft and rub her clitoris with it.     Part 39 - Quicker Picker Upper Also known as: The Pillow Driver Benefits: A little bit of variety if missionary begins to feel stale; good upper body exercise. Technique: Place a pillow under the small of her back or her buttocks to tilt her pelvis and change the angle of your penetration for different sensations. Bracing yourself with your hands on the bed as in a push-up position, you take your weight off her body.   Part 40 - Missionary Also known as: The Matrimonial, Male Dominant Benefits: We know this one isn't necessarily new to lots of guys, but there's something sort of kinky about doin' it in the most vanilla position of all. Plus, you get lots of eye and body contact. Technique: Your woman lies down on her back, her legs spread enough for you to lay upon her, facing her; with your legs between hers, and your penis penetrating her vagina. The massive skin-to-skin contact triggers oxytocin for both partners and aids deeper sexual arousal. Kissing enhances intimacy and bonding. Her hands are free to stimulate him, why he shifts his weight occasionally from one arm to the other, giving his a free hand for pleasuring her breasts, and other intimate touches. The most commonly used position in the world, the missionary, is an especially intimate position allowing for face-to-face contact. You like it because you can control penetration depth and speed of thrusting. Your partner enjoys feeling your weight on her body, and the maximum skin-to-skin contact. Note that this position can make it more difficult to hold off ejaculation because of the intense friction and deep thrusting. To lengthen lovemaking, start with this, then switch to a position that maintains clitoral pressure without so much pelvic back and forth. Also try: Push up to create space in between you to sneak a small vibrator down for buzzing the top of her mound. Hot tip for him: Raise one of her legs so her knee is level with your right shoulder. Keep her other leg flat on the bed. Thrust toward the inner thigh of her raised leg. This adjustment forces tighter penetration and more clitoral pressure.   Part 41 - Spoon Also known as: The Sleeper Hold Benefits: Comfortable sex position if your woman is pregnant or you're heavy. Also ideal for long lovemaking. Good one for falling asleep afterward. Technique: You both lie on your sides facing the same direction, you in back. Your woman bends her knees and pushes her butt back toward you for easier access to her vagina. Adjusting the lean of your bodies will vary the angle of entry and help with rocking and thrusting. Also try: Synchronize your breathing. One of you takes the lead and the other follows so that you inhale and exhale together. The coordinated rhythm opens an unspoken dialogue of intimacy. Hot tip: To give her the sensation of greater width inside her, from the Spoon position, have her bend and lift her top leg to her breasts. Adjust your position, so you are more on top of her hip than behind her.   Part 42 - Open-Legged Spoon Benefits: It's everything you love about the classic spoon position, with the added opportunity for clitoris access. Technique: From the spoon position above, the woman lifts her top leg and drapes it backward over her penetrating partner's hips. Hot tip: The open-legged element of this position means the partner in back can reach around and play with his woman's clit—either with his hand or a vibrator.   Part 43 - Spork Also known as: Spoon and Fork Combo, Scissoring Benefits: Offers a natural bridge to more creative positions. Technique: Your woman lies on her back, and raises her right leg so you can position yourself between her legs at a 90-degree angle and enter. Her legs will form the tines of a spork (a spoon-and-fork utensil). She can do this with you facing her or facing her back. Also try: If your woman is limber, lift her left leg up to increase the depth of penetration. Hot tip for her: From the Spork position, have her lift her top leg and support it by resting it on your shoulder. From here, she can easily stimulate her clitoris using her fingers while you're inside her.   Part 44 - Gift Wrapped Also known as: The Horny Mantis Benefits: Relaxing position with deeper penetration and increased intimacy. Technique: Both of you lie on your sides facing one another. Your woman bends and spreads her legs, and angles her vagina toward you. You lift your legs between hers to enter while she wraps her legs around your back. Also try: She can use her legs and feet to pull you close during thrusts for deeper penetration.   Part 45 - Spoon, Facing Also known as: Sidewinder Benefits: A very intimate face-to-face position that encourages hugging and kissing. Technique: This is an ideal position if your woman is pregnant or either one of you had a knee injury because it keeps weight off the body. To get into the position, begin by lying on your sides and facing one another. Your woman spreads her legs slightly to allow you to enter her, then closes her legs so the part of your shaft that's outside can press against her clitoris. It's easy to kiss from this intimate face-to-face position. Also try: Because thrusting is more difficult in this position, use different techniques such as grinding, circular, and up-and-down motions for added stimulation. Hot tip: Hug each other for 20 seconds before getting busy. Hugging raises your levels of oxytocin, a bonding hormone your body produces naturally, and that will enhance your connection.   Part 46 - The X Position Also known as: Crisscross Benefits: Prolonged slow sex to build arousal. Shallow thrusts stimulate the nerve endings in the head of your penis. Technique: Sit on the bed facing each other with legs forward. Lift your right leg over her left, & she lifts her right leg over your left. Come together so you can enter. Now both of you lie back, with your legs forming an X. Slow, leisurely gyrations replace thrusting. Also try: Reach out and hold hands to pull together for pelvic thrusting. Also, take turns alternatively sitting up and lying back without changing the rhythm.   Part 47 - Snow Angel Also known as: Bottom's Up Benefits: She gets a prime view of your derriere. Technique: This is challenging: Your woman lies on her back while you straddle her facing away. She lift her legs and wraps them around your back to elevate her pelvis so you can enter. she then grabs your butt to help you slide up and back. She can add a little massage action to her grip also. Hot tip: Spin around into missionary style to face her while trying to stay inserted. Then switch positions, this time with her on top and facing away.   Part 48 - The Fusion Also known as: Getting a Leg Up Benefits: Quicker orgasms for your woman; easier motions. Technique: From The Spider, your woman can lift her legs onto your shoulders, which increases the muscular tension that advances the orgasm sequence. By elevating her butt off the bed, it'll be easier for her to thrust and grind in circles.   Part 49 - The Spider Benefits: You both can still maintain eye contact while viewing the action at center stage. Technique: Both of you are seated on the bed with legs toward one another, arms back to support yourselves. Now you both move together as she places her legs over yours. Her hips will be between your spread legs, Her knees bent and feet outside of your hips and flat on the bed. Now align the genitals and enter, then rock back and forth. Also try: She grabs your hands and pulls herself up into a squatting position while you lie back. Or you can remain seated upright and pull her against your chest into the Lazy Man position. Hot tip: Help turn her on by straddling her bottom and massaging her back. While you're busy with your hands, She can wiggle, grind, and move her mons pubis in a circular motion against the sheets to stimulate the clitoris.   Part 50 - Hovering Butterfly Also known as: The Face Sitter Benefits: She can direct the position of your tongue and the pressure against her by rising up or pressing down. Technique: Your woman straddles you, placing her knees at your ears. She can hold onto a wall or headboard for support. While you're doing your thing, she can use her fingers to graze her nipples or rub the top of her vulva. Also try: Hold your tongue firm as she gyrates her hips, pressing her clitoris against it.   Part 51 - '69' Also known as: Inverted 69, Over and Under Benefits: Simultaneous oral pleasure. Technique: When she’s on top in 69, she can control the intensity of oral stimulation on her clitoris by lifting or pressing her pelvis. From this position, it's easy to work her finger magic on your perineum, the sensitive area just below your testicles. Also try the man-on-top position. Also try: Roll over onto your sides in the 69 sex position. Hot tip for her: Place a cup of warm tea and an ice cube on the nightstand near the bed. When she gives you oral sex, she can alternate placing the ice cube then the tea in her mouth.   Part 52 - The Face Sitter Also known as: Hovering Dragonfly Benefits: A comfortable position for your woman An erotic one for you. Technique: Rest a pillow behind her head, then straddle below her shoulders. Support yourself by holding the bed's headboard or the wall. Hot tip for her: If your woman's mouth becomes dry after a while, she can add some mint- or fruit-flavored lube to your shaft.   Part 53 - The Elevator  Also known as: The Bees Knees Benefits: Great for out-of-bedroom fellatio. Technique: Your woman kneels in front of you, covering her teeth with her lips and encircling your glans with her mouth. They then slowly pistons her lips up and down on your shaft, alternating speeds and occasionally stopping to move her tongue over and around your glans. Also try: Lean a dressing mirror against a wall to the side of your body so you can enjoy the view of your woman going down on you from the side versus top down. Hot tip for her: For variation, she can take one of your testicles into her mouth as she strokes the shaft with her hand.   Part 54 - Swiss Ball Blitz Also known as: Romper Room Benefits: See The Hot Seat. Also, adds bounce to your thrusts. Technique: Have a big exercise ball in your workout room? Use a stability ball to add some bounce to The Hot Seat. Sit on the ball with your feet on the floor. Have your woman back up onto you, sitting between your legs. Roll and bounce to it. Let her do the grinding and pumping. Even the slightest energy exerted with bring an amplified response, and the thrill will exceed your biggest amusement ride fantasies. Tips for him: She’ll have a great time, but your attention to her breasts with make it even more memorable. Tips for her: Tuck the big ball in the corner of the room if you want it to stay securely put. It’ll allow you to focus on the pleasure and avoid an injury visit to the ER. The nurses there just love to hear your titillating red-faced explanations, but you’ll never live it down.