When the Walt Disney Treasures collection was released in early 2000s they promised to be remastered, complete, and the best around at often high prices. Many collectors found themselves burnt and short of receiving this promise. Years later as Disney would release several DVD series - sometimes better quality and complete versions would appear. This collection does not attempt to exhaustively fill that void at first. But if demand shows I may continue to update this collection from time to time. This collection is only concerned with the traditional Disney animated shorts and no other content. I will also not focus on 1080p versions - that is to say, I won't provide these but rather will do so at a later time in their own collection. Note: To ensure you get the accurate quality - most of these are MKV - please use the Show All function and download ONLY the oldest version of the file. That way you don't get IA's compressed version that will ruin the quality as well as remove any subtitles contained in each short. August 22, 2023: I have updated the collection with a complete - but foreign - copy of The Castaway (1931) including the missing 3 seconds. I am aware it is in a language other than English and if/when I get a chance will attempt to match the English track to the video. I have also added "better copies" of both Goofy Freeway shorts and to ease obsessive posters about Clock Cleaners, I have added yet another copy of Clock Cleaners. Yes, I am aware it is the "burlap reissue title" version but it's there. Unless anything else comes forward, this supplemental package is considered complete. If I am missing something or if a "better quality" or "complete version" of a short arises, refrain from posting about it as a review due to the recent misuse/abuse of the system and please email me. Email is the best way to contact me. August 10, 2023: Updated Bee on Guard with a DVD-rip provided by FuriousMan226. I will be searching for The Castaway featuring Mickey Mouse as a commenter informed me the last 3 seconds on the Treasures disc are missing then referenced a 20 year old forum post where no copies were provided. This will take a while to locate. April 9 Update: The Lone Chipmunks has been added. Initial Package Contents: Bee on Guard - Many fans were unimpressed when they found their copy to end prematurely - right before the individual bee is seen being rewarded. The copy I have included here is from a Disney Channel recording and unfortunately not the greatest quality but complete nevertheless. Update March 3: I have included the complete copy found on the 80s Bee Pictures VHS, best I can do until a great quality laserdisc copy surfaces. The Night Before Christmas - Despite containing several disclaimers from Leonard Maltin, this did not stop Disney from censoring its treasures. This is one such release. The Three Little Pigs - Three versions of this short, as it relates to content, exists. The one that played on The Disney Channel is often very censored, revealing the wolf's face as he approaches practical pig's house. The one released on the Treasures disc is an odd one - the animation is the original yet it uses the censored dialogue from the censored one. Thanks to a Youtuber we now have that dialogue. A crafty individual could replace the line with the correct version to completely make the short the original version. Despite containing several disclaimers from Leonard Maltin, this did not stop Disney from censoring its treasures. Update March 3: Goofy Shorts: Many fans were unimpressed when the Goofy collection didn't include the standalone version to "How to Ride a Horse" as well as both Freeway episodes and Soccermania - they have all been included.  Clock Cleaners: Often this short was redistributed, not only for time and missing Mickey's solo extended segment with the pelican, but it was also crudely edited to cover up a misconception when Donald calls the clock a "dog-goned snake in the grass," a common phrase he used and one that represents his time very well. Update March 5: Various Donald Shorts: Both versions of Donald's Fire Survival Plan plus many of his shorts involving live-action segments. Update March 12: Better quality version to Donald's Fire Plan (Revised) as well as Donald;s Fire Drill can be found here: https://archive.org/details/donalds-fire-safety-hits Chip N Dale shorts missing from Treasures : Chicken in the Rough, Two Chips and a Miss