I added more book(s) in the list for every one. Since his horrendous death in Ostia, Pier Pasolini has many innovations of thought and animation that go far beyond his corpus of work, and towards an utopia that exists in-between his distinct and clear-worthiness of books. Although he is known for Salo based on Marquis De Sade’s outlines of story and picture, these books are meant to be heard and seen as an optic that both virtualizes and places the -tology towards an ascertained continuum which revolves around controversy to this day, and the scandals of the past prove his aporia of academic research resonates with calamity and also clarity of his situations throughout his life. These books are super rare, and I included some essays and comics (although those CBRs are Spanish only!) I used the latest plugins for Calibre6 and its efficacy rate of Google Translate to render PDFs from epubs and the rest. I assure you the translations are seemingly accurate and contain many secrets of his filmography, dialectical thought, and also his techniques of historical epochs definitive and renovated both his writing and distinguished ethos. I haven’t read all of them yet (obviously), and the best I could do for some is OCR and convolve the tesseracts to have some of these precious yet eponymous writers that are 1) Italian or 2) Spanish writers.. I believe the translations are somewhat transient yet accurate with its latest renovation of “A.I driven” engine. All of which give us a very deep look of the future for Pasolini! Sorry for the disorganization of folders and filenames, Archive.org has difficulty keeping extant sources in-tact since there were many embedded folders along flimsy for the upload utility to use proper encoding of filenames and folders. I am far too lazy to rename each folder and filename to their a propos titles. I converted epubs → PDFs since PDF is an universal format that works everywhere easily enough. So enjoy this collection, and I hope you will find this world of Pasolini much more interesting with these studies and “architectonic” epistemes that excavate and tell us more about filmmaking and poesis/optical stimuli. I suggest watching his movies (the new Pasolini 101 boxset is for certain worth checking out!)