Center for Research and Security Studies Transcription Series: Sabawoon Program: Jwande Jazbe Topic: Street Children Date: 10-01-2018 Guest#1: Imtiaz Gilani (Chairman Zamong Kor) Guest#2: Ms. Fouzia (Director Zamong Kor) Report: Afzal Mohmand Anchor Person: Asma Ali Co-Anchor Person: Khan Baba Summary: To rehabilitate street children, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa government launched Zamung Kor (our home) institute in Peshawar in 2016. The rehabilitation center can accommodate 1000 children up to the age of 18 years who will receive facilities such as education, health, food, sports, boarding, career and psychological counseling etc. This will enable these children to become productive and valued citizens of the society. There is a large number of child labor and street children in Pakistan, who are denied from their basic right to education, right to health and right to dignity etc. exposing them to the negative activities. Zamung Kor project aims to create a society where kids can enjoy their rights without any discrimination and deprivation. âThe provincial government is committed to work for wellbeing of the youth and trying to ensure all the necessary resources and opportunities to them, Mr. Imtiaz Gilani, chairman Zamong Kor, expressed these views in program Sabawoon. He added that the project may replicate across the province in the future. Transcription: Asma Ali: Education is the basic right of every child and state is liable to ensure it to every child. Long lasting peace is connected with standard education. No child will be misguided or to be vulnerable to crimes and in case all children are ensured equal education. There is a large number of orphans and street children who have no access to education, thus they can indulge into unlawful activities that will be destructive for the whole society. In case these children are given education, they can become a productive citizen and play their role in development of the country. There are organizations working for the rehabilitation of these vulnerable children by supporting them in their food, education and shelter. Zamong Kor (Our Home) is one of them. We have prominent educationist and former Vice Chancellor University of Engineering and Technology, Peshawar Syed Imtiaz Gilani. He is also former minister for education in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and currently serving as Chairman Zamong Kor. Our second guest is Ms. Fouzia Aleem director Zamong Kor and she was also former principle Army Public School, Peshawar. Mr. Imtiaz, how is it possible to engage all street children and other poor children into education, who are deprived of education? Imtiaz Gilani: The only way to put the nation on path to development and prosperity is education. No two opinions on that. Unfortunately education has never been priority of any successor government in past. There are children like street children who are completely overlooked by the society though they need our sympathy and support. You can see these children on roads, in streets and markets etc. begging for money. Society doesnât consist of upper and middle class only rather every person is part of the society and in case there will be vulnerable people, they will be a threat to the whole society. We saw children were misled in the country and they were given guns by some anti-state elements to agitate and challenge the governmentâs writ. It is because of no education and awareness. We should not call them Street children rather they are state children since these are our own children. Zamong Kor is a laudable step of the provincial government that has taken over the responsibly of bringing these vulnerable children towards education. These children are not only kept deprived of education, but they are far from civilization. They have no proper food to eat, they canât differentiate between good and bad. It is a big challenge for the government to provide opportunity of education to every child. Asma Ali: Ms. Fouzia, as a director Zamong Kor, what would you say about Zamong Kor project running for the last one year? Fouzia: In 2015 we had only 15 street children in the institution, but now the number raised to 156 and we are providing them education and other facilities. We are just trying to improve things in terms of providing quality education, food and shelter facilities. I just resumed the charge about 20 days back and will try to mark out the weaknesses and to work on them. I have served education sector for the last 17 years and I am fortunate to avail this opportunity to help out these needy and destitute children. I feel what else we can do for these kids. It is not only donation to be given to these unfortunate kids but they need our love and respect with northerly feeling and education for their future role. We want to make them a productive citizen of the country and aware them that what 11qis good for them and what is bad for them. We are on working on that. Asma Ali: Mr. Imtiaz, there are thousands of millions of children deprived of basic right to education and other opportunities in the country. What efforts need to be taken to catch up these children? Imtiaz: It is very easy to say to educate and support all state children, but it involves a lot of financial support. Less than 18 years children come under the category of street children and he is a child. For Zamong Kor those children are the most deserving one whose both parents dead and they have no home to live and they are working for a livelihood. He is our hero and in our priority list. At the moment we cannot accommodate an orphan child unless his/her motherâs monthly income is less than Rs. 10 thousand. These children having no sense of civilization, culture and civic sense etc. and they need complete rehabilitation, so our 60% focus is on rehabilitation and 40% on education of these children. It is easy to register more and more street children, but provision of education and other facilities for a life time, is a difficult task. Now we are totally responsible for complete education of the registered children with Zamong Kor. These enrolled children are competent and interested in education, they are given opportunity of higher education as well. However children not interested in education are put on to technical side after 8th grade. Unless and until they are made capable to stand on their own feet, Zamong Kor will continue to support them. For example if one of these children access to a medical college, there will be need of at least 1 million rupees for their admission etc. Government has allocated grant to Zamong Kor, but we hope it will allocate more funds. Asma Ali: Government is running enrollment campaign for the last few years in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, aiming to bring more and more out of school children to school. Can these street children not be enrolled in general schools? Imtiaz Gilani: Street children are different from other children. Some of these children have mentally, physically or sexually traumatized, they need complete psychological assistance and rehabilitation. In order to assist and educate these children is not just a job rather a mission. We are attached with Elementary and Secondary Education Foundation (ESEF), which gives us books for the kids as well as it established an IT center in the institution. We demand that ESEF should extend their programs to Zamong Kor as well to facilitate these suffered and deprived children. Asma Ali: Ms. Fouzia, what change do you see in these children? Fouzia: The wave of terrorism had left negative impacts on the young minds and these children were already exposed to this situation. The children were abused in different ways before they were enrolled in Zamong Kor, but now they have totally a strange environment. They like this and have been motivated so. We have different activities for them like celebration of Quad-e-Azam day, sports gala etc. Some of the children become excited for reading English in the classroom, which is our success. They are finally going to be a very good citizen. Asma Ali: Mr. Imtiaz, still there is old and conventional education system in many public schools owing to which students lack opportunity of growth. There might be no focus on character building of students in many public and private schools. Similarly many parents do not focus on their children. Imtiaz: There has been a little bit change in education system, for example syllabus is being revised and new books are given to schools focusing on character building of students as well. Teachers need training on teaching methodology, since we have senior teachers going with old thought. In past even poor parents sent their children to private school to have better environment, but now parents are sending their children to state run institutions, which is a positive change. It is because the standard of education has improved to some extent. Street children become more confident and smart than other children, in a sense they have seen poverty, starvation and tolerated every misery and sadness that has not only made them stronger, but taught them many things. Report: Dear listeners right now I am present at Zamong Kor, a very beautiful home having all facilities of childrenâs interest and an attractive environment. Situated at Charsadda Road, Peshawar, the institution was established on Nov 2016, aiming to support orphan and helpless children, who are forced to be street children. The organizers of Zamong Kor identify such children in different areas and then try to register them as per criteria. Mr. Sameer, a child at class 1 is reading the lesson. His teacher Mr. Rafiullah said about these students as under: Respondent 1: âI teach them Islamayiat subject in the class. What we teach these children in the classroom, we try to involve them practically and engage them in different practical activities. We teach them positive things, which can help them in their practical lifeâ. Reporter: Are these children capable enough? Whether they are interested in education? Respondent 1: âThese children are sharp and intelligent as compare to other children. They actually came from streets and in case government gives them attention, it will bring a big change in their lifeâ. Reporter: A child Anas, whose father was dead in an accident, said that he belongs to Bara, Khyber Agency. He told about his interest in education as follows: Respondent 2: âI was very sad when my father was passed away in an accident. I had nothing but just to wander here and there. My one of the uncles said that I will enroll you in school while another uncle told that he will enroll me in a religious seminary. Initially I was not taking interest in religious education but finally I thought, I am wasting my time therefore I should get education. I got an opportunity to be registered with Zamong Kor and started getting both modern and Islamic education. I am good in education as compare to past now. I want my brain to be flourishedâ. Reporter: About the attitude of his teachers and the environment he said: Respondent 2: âAll the teachers are very cooperative and the environment is conducive. We all children play with each other as well as learn from each other. All the children in this home (Khwendo Kor) are happyâ. Reporter: What would you want to be in the future? Respondent 2: âI want to be a scientist or an army man. I have a strong believe that one day I would achieve my goal and serve the nationâ. Reporter: another student of class 1, Hamza (7) belonging to Dua Saro area expressed his views with this scribe as under: Respondent 3: âMy father had been dead while my mother is alive. My uncle brought me to this place in a vehicle. My uncle told me it is better to enroll you in Zamong Kor where you will acquire education and you will be happy. I will get education and will move from one class to another gradually and this will enable me to be a productive citizenâ. Reporter: These children have passion for education and living spirit to serve the country. We have Ms. Fouzia Aleem from Zamong Kor. Ms. Fouzia, what was the purpose of establishing this institution? Respondent 4: âthe purpose was the elimination of street children and child labor by giving them education. We want to make them an active citizen. They can indulge in crimes and militancy or become addict to drugs therefore we are trying to protect them and bring them into the mainstream. We are giving education from nursery to class 8 and then they will either have academic or skill education. This depends on their interestâ. Reporter: The government may establish branches of Zamong Kor in different parts of the province. The spirit of getting education by these children is appreciable and Zamong Kor is also functional to assist these helpless kids and protect their future. Endsâ¦ Khan Baba: These helpless children enrolled in Zamong Kor had faced so many hardships and difficulties in life, but yet their spirit is alive. There are people, who have all facilities available, yet they donât take interest in education. Credit goes to Zamong Kor for involving students in education and other positive activities. Caller 1: Mr. Niaz Ali from Prang Ghar, I appreciate government of KP for launching this project. There are a large number of orphans and other poor children in Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) and they are being suffered due to no attention on part of the administration. Their talent goes waste, which is a matter of concern for all of us. In case Zamong Kor like project is started in Fata as well, this changes the lives of many poor children in the tribal belt. Imtiaz Gilani: We have around 30 children from Fata in Zamong Kor institution, but most of the children we have are from Peshawar, Mardan and other adjacent cities. We have a planning to extend our program and establish an institution at every district of the province as well as to extend it to Fata. We want to increase the number of street children from 156 to 1000 in Peshawar. Children having no parent can be brought to us and after fulfilling the criteria, they can part of Zamong Kor. There are committees of Zamong Kor, which assess the family of a child and after that the decision is taken. After enrollment, we start their psychological and medical profiling at the institution, since these children donât know anything. We create awareness among them about their cleanliness and educate them to wear clean cloth, clean your teeth etc. for this credit goes to our all team members. Asma Ali: It is observed that most of the street children and young people have become drug addict. Zamong Kor has to fulfill all the legal process for registering a child. Is there any child with Zamong Kor, who was a drug addict? Imtiaz Gilani: No, so far we have no such case, however they may have faced other issues like sexual harassment. Rehabilitation is not an easy process, since every person is a complete psychological unit, completely different from another. So for rehabilitation, you must know his real problems and what remedy should be to their problems. Education is not enough as I earlier said, we want to make them a productive human being. Asma Ali: What message would you like to convey? Imtiaz Gilani: I would say without standard and inclusive education, no nation of the world can develop. A country may establish hundreds of roads, hundreds of bridges, hundreds of dams etc. but if its educational institutions are not functional then all in vein. The authorities and policy makers should revisit their policies and focus on the education sector by increasing budget allocation for the purpose. When our children will be educated, they will make roads, bridges and operate machines etc. for us. Fouzia Aleem: Education is more important than anything else, but our education system needs complete overhauling, since still we see Rata system is there. We must get rid of conventional education system, if we want to go side by side the developed nations of the world. The standard of education needs to be improved. Apart from this we should focus on the character building of the future builders to be civilized. It is very important that how to lead the nation. Asma Ali: Thanks for sharing your valuable comments with us. Dear listeners, Zamong Kor does not only provide education to orphans and street children, but also bears their all other expenses. We will request Provincial government to extent it to other parts of the province as well as to ensure funds so as their needs may be met. It is also our religious and moral responsibility to support poor and needy students of the society.