Browse the Marygrove College Library , now available online. In October 2020, the collection of Detroit-based Marygrove College Library, comprising more than 70,000 books and journals, starts a new life online with the support of the Internet Archive. With the college closing in December 2019, concerns arose about the future of the library’s collection, which offers a uniquely African American perspective, reflecting the historical and cultural influences of its local community in Detroit. The importance of amplifying these voices led to the decision by the Board of Trustees to donate the full collection to Internet Archive, a non-profit library.   This original video, commissioned by the Internet Archive, commemorates the reopening of the Marygrove College Library.   “When I heard that the library was going to be digitized, I felt like it was going to be a stroke of genius, “ said poet, Valerie Deering, Marygrove College alumna Class of 1972. “That there was not going to be a book burning, that these books weren't going to end up at the Salvation Army where nobody really knew or understood or would appreciate what they've been to generations of students.”   The collection is now available for free through the Internet Archive’s website and will also be preserved in its physical archives. Internet Archive hopes that making the collection available online will expand access for marginalized groups such as those with disabilities that affect reading.  “A library is much more than the books on the shelves—it is the center of a community,” said Brewster Kahle, Internet Archive’s founder and digital librarian. “It reflects a history of a hundred years of interests and passions and collections that have been built by librarians, faculty, and students. Having that collection all online brings that community online, but also allows that artifact to be used by people all over the world. That is the idea of this next generation of Marygrove College Library.” ------------- Produced by The Mercantile -- https://themercantile.agency & Lone Pine Creative -- https://lonepinecreative.com ) Featuring  Valerie Deering  Brewster Kahle Narrated by  Wendy Hanamura  Directed & Edited by  Rory Mitchell Producer/2nd Unit Director  (Detroit) Dani Dabney  Director of Photography (Detroit) Sean Mouton Production Assistant (Detroit) Kevin M Waltz   Written by Wendy Hanamura & Rory Mitchell & Josh Kalven  Executive Producers Wendy Hanamura  Josh Kalven Rory Mitchell  Titles by Josh Kalven Music composed by Dave “Mustang” Lang Sound mix by Dave McKeever  Archival Materials Courtesy Sisters of Immaculate Heart of Mary, Monroe, Mi. Marygrove Conservancy  Walter P. Reuther Library, Archives of Labor and Urban Affairs, Wayne State University Additional Footage  Footage excerpted from the documentary “The Bookmakers” by James Kennard   © 2020 Petaluma Projects LLC Jason Scott