READ THIS FIRST: There are 2 versions of Osaka Simulator on this page. A standalone version (originally uploaded to Blogspot by Keitaro004 ) and an installer version (originally uploaded to Reddit by boople__snoot ). The standalone version doesn't have an installer. The installer version requires you to temporarily change your system locale to Japanese to install the game, and will install it on to your computer and allow you to run it from your programs list and also use it as a screensaver. The standalone version unfortunately has a save file already present. I'm not sure if this was part of the original release. DESCRIPTION: "A fanmade interactive Osaka simulator from hirahira.net for PC. It is from the early 2000s. The game can also work as a screensaver. In Ayumu Kasuga's Mail Order Life , Osaka spends time in her room and occasionally walks out, possibly to a part-time job. Afterwards, she comes back with money used by the player to buy various items that appear on TV along with Chiyo-chichi . If the item is clicked, then Osaka will buy it, otherwise it disappears." PLAYING THE GAME: The in-game menu can be accessed by right clicking your mouse in game. To exit the game, click the "power button" on the bottom middle of the in-game menu or immediately exit by hitting the esc key. SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS: Runs best on Mid 2000's PC's with Windows XP. Will run on many newer computers, but with problems that can usually be resolved easily. TROUBLESHOOTING: The game will not run: There are many causes for this. Some people had troubles getting the standalone version to work, but got it to work using the installer version (even on Windows 10). The game will not run on Windows 98 or lower. The installer crashes: Did you set your system locale to Japanese? If you do not know how to change system locale, it's pretty easy (except on XP which is a tad more involved), but the instructions to do so are different between versions of Microsoft Windows. Google is your friend there. Unfortunately on some new computers (like mine) the installer will not work regardless of what you do. The game runs too fast: Unfortunately, modern PC's can't run this game in fullscreen. To fix this, you will have to switch the game to Windowed Mode by going to the file "tsu_han.cfg" and set Window Mode to 1. Save the file. Unfortunately on some computers this will only make the game slow down a little bit. There are many graphical glitches: On PCs with Windows XP, check your graphics drivers. On PC's with a newer version of Windows, right click  "tsu_han.exe", click "properties" and set compatibility mode to "Windows XP Service Pack 2. If that doesn't work, check your graphics drivers. OTHER FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS: Will the game run on my Phone? No. Maybe someday when there is actual demand to get legacy PC games emulating on the ARM architecture your phone/tablet uses, but that day is a long way off. The original developer making a phone port is also unlikely, as they have long abandoned this game. Will the game run on Mac/Linux? It's possible through WINE . Your results may vary.