LibriVox recording of Battles for the Stars (Ed Reads Short Sci-fi, vol. III) by Various Read in English by Edmund Bloxam I: ‘The Sling and the Stone’ by Michael Shaara An obsessed Soviet commander has come up with the most devastating weapon the world has ever seen. What of the scientist who must put the order to destroy the USA into practice? II: ‘Slaughter on Dornell IV’ by Ivar Jorgensen One of the galaxy's greatest professional fighters. But is his agent so sly as to pit him against an opponent that could kill him? III: ‘The Hour of Battle’ by Robert Sheckley Waiting for the mind killers to strike in the depths of deep space! What's to be done? IV: ‘Defense Mech’ by Ray Bradbury The soldier's going mad! There's no time for ethics; tell him his home on Earth and throw him into battle. The result? Let Ray Bradbury tell you. V: ‘The Invisible Enemy’ by Arnold Castle Is sending the world's teenagers out to the grim battlefields truly the answer to achieve peace? VI: ‘Navy Day’ by Harry Harrison Futuristic machines provide intriguing end results. VII: ‘Belly Laugh’ by Ivar Jorgensen Futuristic machines provide embarrassing end results. VIII: ‘Hunter Patrol’ by Henry Beam Piper and John J. Mcguire ‘They just voted him into power. And the world into slavery. It is almost blasphemous to say anything against him. He has deprived all of us of our political and other liberties’. With the great mission complete, Benson returns to the battlefield. Naturally, the war concludes, and Benson enters into business, coming upon a method of ending all war. But time itself might have something to say about it... IX: ‘Bridge Crossing’ by Dave Dryfoos Robbie must choose loyalty to robot or to man in this dystopian tale, featuring a perilous chase across the Golden Gate Bridge. X: ‘Keep Your Shape’ by Robert Sheckley The ship approaches, a vanguard to an invasion! The problem? The scout party lacks discipline! They can’t…keep their shape. XI: ‘Project Hush’ by William Tenn A secret mission - so very secret - the first people on the moon! (yes, this story is that old) - but what will they find there? (Summary by The Reader) For further information, including links to online text, reader information, RSS feeds, CD cover or other formats (if available), please go to the LibriVox catalog page for this recording. For more free audio books or to become a volunteer reader, visit librivox.org . M4B Audiobook (118MB)