Proper No-Intro 1g1r collection of ROM sets: No bios files, bad dumps, hacks, fixed, patched, cracked, non-game or pirate ROMs. No unlicensed releases, protos, demos, betas, etc. All ROMs come from  No-Intro ROM Sets (2024)  and match the specifications from the DAT files — any ROM with a different CRC/MD5/SHA doesn't belong in the collection. Retool  was used for trimming all sets with its default region preference for English speakers and all languages included. The setup is detailed in this GitHub repository, which also documents the missing systems, and may also be used to file issues in case there's anything wrong with the collection:  https://github.com/proper1g1r/proper1g1r-collection The collection includes a  DATs  folder with 3 files for each system: a screenshot documenting the options used when generating the DAT file for that system on  DAT-o-MATIC , the DAT file generated, and the DAT file generated by Retool on top of it. This should be enough in case anyone wants to understand, replicate, or tweak the collection, or even use it as a way to check and verify their own collections. Special thanks to: unexpectedpanda for  Retool optyfr for  JRomManager ChadMaster for  No-Intro ROM Sets (2024) 🍻 You can buy me a beer  here  if you want. FAQ What's No-Intro? It's a group specialized in preserving cartridge-based games and digital content — it's thanks to their work we can be sure a ROM is a safe 1:1 dump of the original copy.  Myrient's FAQ  has a brief explanation about it, and you can also check their website:  https://no-intro.org What's 1g1r? 1g1r stands for “one game one ROM” and it means having only one ROM per game, usually the one that matches your region and language preferences, and is the most updated and with the most features. A 1g1r set ensures there's no game repetition and that you're getting the best version of each game. What are DAT files? They're data files provided by No-Intro for ROM managers. They list ROMs of a given system, together with their checksums and hashes, and can be used with ROM managers (like  CLRMamePro ,  RomVault ,  Romcenter , or  JRomManager , which was the one used here) to trim ROM sets. You can see all DAT files used in the creation of this collection in the  DATs  folder. There's a game or system missing, a duplicate, an incorrect pick, or any other issue with this collection. How should I report it? You can file an issue  here . Will translations ever be included? Translations don't fit well here and are better handled in a separate set, like ChadMaster's  English Translation ROMs Collection (2024) . Why was  Sonic The Hedgehog (Japan, Europe, Korea) (En)  picked over  Sonic The Hedgehog (USA, Europe) ? I asked that myself  here  and got a  great answer  from unexpectedpanda. It turns out  the Japanese version is a superset of the USA version  because it features additional parallax scrolling in the backgrounds, and Retool favors more content over region preference (assuming there's a language match), which makes sense. Why was  Super Mario All-Stars + Super Mario World (USA)  picked over the individual titles? The compilation features updated versions of the games, and because of that  it's a superset . If you prefer the individual titles, you can fetch them from ChadMaster's set  here .