Joint meetings of the American historical association, American Asiatic association and Asiatic intitute The attitude of the Russian government toward Alaska, by F. A. Golder; The fur trade in northwestern development, by F. W. Howay; The western ocean as a determinant in Oregon history, by J. Schafer; The waterways of the Pacific northwest, by C. B. Bagley. The monarchical plans of General San Martin, by Larrabure y Unanue; The early exploratioins of Father Garcés on the Pacific slope, by H. E. Bolton; British influence in Mexico, 1822-1826, by W. R. Manning; The reforms of Joseph Gálvez in New Spain, by H. I. Priestly. The "home guard" of 1861, by H. Davis; The founding of San Francisco, by C. E. Chapman French intrusion into New Mexico, 1749-1752, by H. E. Bolton; Speech mixture in New Mexico, by A. M. Espinosa; St. Vrain's expedition in the Gila in 1826, by T. M. Marshall; The causes for the failure of Otermin's attempt to reconquer New Mexico, 1681-1682, by C. W. Hackett; The ancestry and family of Juan de Oñate, by Beatrice Q Cornish. Japan's early attempts to establish commercial relations with Mexico, by K Asakawa; New Zealand and the Pacific Ocean, by J. M. Brown Addresses delivered at the general sessions: The conflict of European nations in the Pacific, by H. M. Stephens; The share of Spain in the history of the Pacific Ocean, by R. Altamira y Crevea; The history of California, by J. F. Davis; The American inter-oceanic canal, an historical sketch of the canal idea, by R. J. Taussig; The Panama canal, by T. Roosevelt. -- Papers read at the special sessions: Opening address, by L. M. Guerrero; The soical structure of, and ideas of law among, early Philippine peoples; and a recently-discovered pre-Hispanic criminal code of the Philippine Islands, by J. A. Robertson; Troubles of an English governor of the Philippine Islands, by K. C. Leebrick; The Chinese in the Philippines, by C. H. Cunningham; The governor-general of the Phillipines under Spain and the United States, by D. P. Barrows