The mission of the UC San Francisco (UCSF) Archives and Special Collections is to identify, collect, preserve, and maintain rare and unique materials to support research and teaching in the history of the health sciences and the UCSF. The UCSF Archives were formally established in 1963 when UC President Clark Kerr mandated the creation of both a records management and an archives program in the University. The Archives serve as the official repository for the preservation of selected records, printed and born-digital materials, and realia generated by or about the UCSF, including all four schools, the Graduate Division, and the UCSF Medical Center. The UCSF Web Archive preserves websites in the “ucsf.edu” domain to document the history of the University’s activities and accomplishments. The vast majority of documentation on UCSF’s schools and programs that Archives collected in paper form in the past (e.g. course catalogs, announcements from each school, student publications, etc.) is now presented on the web. In many cases, it is presented exclusively online and no print copy is produced. Since its inception in 2007 this project has been capturing the websites of the University’s administration, schools, the Graduate Division and the UCSF Medical Center, academic departments, administrative units, organized research units, and student organizations. The University Archives, through the Archive-It web archiving service, preserves these documents and makes them available for research and instruction. The University of California, San Francisco is a leading university dedicated to promoting health worldwide through advanced biomedical research, graduate-level education in the life sciences and health professions, and excellence in patient care. It includes top-ranked graduate schools of dentistry, medicine, nursing and pharmacy, a graduate division with nationally renowned programs in basic, biomedical, translational and population sciences, as well as a preeminent biomedical research enterprise and two top-ranked hospitals, UCSF Medical Center and UCSF Benioff Children’s Hospital San Francisco. UC San Francisco is the only campus in the 10-campus University of California system that is exclusively focused on the health sciences.