Speed run of System Shock 2 on Impossible difficulty done on 27 segments completed on October 30 2005. Available in 320x240 DivX and 640x480 H.264 versions. Author's comments: This game was both fun and frustrating to speedrun. There were many possibilites of screwing things up since i needed to do many things in quick succession and the game is clearly not designed to be played that way. So, instead of using less segments and making the run look bad, I chose to do it one level/bulkhead at a time, using the autosave created after every level change (that's why you can't see a "game saved" message after most bulkhead transfers: I loaded the game from there). There's only three times that I cut a level in two segments. Both times you can see me stopping briefly, and a game saved message appears. The whole video consists only of all the segments joined together since it wasn't possible to record menus/loading screens/videos. Now for some explanations about some things which may not be immediately obvious: I ran sideways mostly, about 22% speed gain over straight runing. Dying is rather cheap in this game (10 nanites), provided you have activated a bio-reconstruction machine on the level you're in. I used these things as much as possible to avoid backtracking. Not really death abuse since they're a very intended part of the gameplay, and are even explained to the player at the beginning by 'Dr. Polito'. My general plan was to pick up just enough cyber modules to be able to afford invisibility at the end of hydro, teleport at the beginning of command and heavy weapons 1 a little later. I planned every cyber module pickup to the last detail for this, and there wasn't much room for getting other skill upgrades up to that point. On hydro, I used an 'unindended feature' - being able to use skills at upgrade units and getting your cyber modules back by using 'undo' afterwards. It was useful to significantly reduce the time required to research Toxin-A, and also to repair the pistol I picked up on engineering (which has reduced recoil, good for bursts). Skipping the big Shodan cutscene on ops is quite difficult. I had to spend quite some time just practicing it, and was still only able to get a success rate of about 25%. Basically, I moved to a position just before the event trigger, leaned to one side and immediately ran towards the other after that. Most of the time i wasn't able to get out, though, and sometimes I even died from running into the invisible wall (speed hypos are dangerous!). In the final battle with Shodan I used the grenade launcher with EMP grenades to jump through Shodan's shield. For this to work one must give the launcher enough punch to disable one part of the shield completely for a short moment, so I took lvl 4 heavy, sharpshooter upgrade and a level two launcher, which is just enough for it to work.