🎭🎥 Mark Lester 🎥🎭   Angel-faced child star Mark Lester was the son of British actors Michael and Rita Lester. Mark made his professional debut at age 2 1/2 in a TV commercial featuring his father. Mark Lester  (born  Mark A. Letzer ;  11 July 1958) is an English  osteopath ,  acupuncturist , and formerly a  child actor  who starred in a number of British and European films in the 1960s and 1970s. In 1977, after appearing in the all-star international action adventure film  The Prince and the Pauper , he retired from acting. After this he said "I bought myself a Ferrari and set off through Europe for 18 months." The youngster studied acting and mime at the Corona Stage School, then played supporting roles in several British TV series, including The Human Jungle and Danger Man. In the 1980s, he trained as an  osteopath  specialising in sport injuries. Oliver!  and child stardom . In 1967, at the age of eight, Lester was cast in the title role in the film version of  Lionel Bart 's musical  Oliver! . The multiple  Academy Award -winning adaptation of  Charles Dickens ' novel co-starred  Jack Wild ,  Ron Moody ,  Harry Secombe ,  Shani Wallis  and  Oliver Reed  and was directed by  Carol Reed . Since Lester could not sing, his singing was dubbed by  Kathe Green , daughter of the film's music arranger  Johnny Green . Lester received critical acclaim for his portrayal of a dysfunctional and withdrawn only child in  Run Wild, Run Free  (1969) , starring opposite  John Mills , released by Columbia who financed  Oliver! . He played a disturbed child in the first regular episode of  Then Came Bronson  ("The Runner") and also guest starred on  The Ghost & Mrs. Muir . Columbia wanted to sign him to a long-term contract but Lester's parents refused. Lester had leading roles in  Eyewitness  (1970 ), a British thriller with  Susan George  shot on Malta;  The Boy Who Stole the Elephant  (1970) , a TV movie for Disney; and the horror film  Whoever Slew Auntie Roo?  (1971) , with  Shelley Winters . He was reunited with Wild in  Melody  (1971), which depicted schoolchildren in love, based on a script by  Alan Parker .  Tracy Hyde  played the role of Melody in the film, which used music from the  Bee Gees  and  Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young . Lester starred in a film version of  Black Beauty  (1971). He was announced for a version of  Treasure Island  but it was never made. After this period, his acting roles in the UK would begin to wane. This coincided with a decline in the British film industry. European films : Lester remained in demand for films outside England:  What the Peeper Saw  (1972) with  Britt Ekland ;  Senza ragione  (1973) , in Italy with  Franco Nero ;  Little Adventurer  (1973) , a Japanese film;  Scalawag  (1973) , a pirate film with  Kirk Douglas  shot in Yugoslavia; [9]  and the costume drama  La Prima volta sull'erba  (English title  The First Time on the Grass , 1974), which was nominated for the  Golden Bear  prize at the  25th Berlin International Film Festival . Lester ended his film career playing the dual role as  Edward VI of England  and  Tom Canty  in the all-star film  The Prince and the Pauper  (US title:  Crossed Swords , 1977 ) starring  Raquel Welch ,  Charlton Heston ,  Rex Harrison ,  George C. Scott , and  Oliver Reed , who had played  Bill Sikes  in  Oliver! .     Internet Archive is a NON-PROFIT 501 © (3) Web site. They get NO money from the Government. They depend totally on your donations. They do not sell advertizing. All of the movies I have presented are for educational purposes and to preserve movie making & acting as an art form. Movies are a true form of art in storytelling that can be traced back to cavemen drawing pictures, in color, on cave walls. Making this art form available to the public goes back to chained libraries where a single book cost as much as a house. Find it in your heart to give what you can. THANK YOU!   Internet Archive is a NON-PROFIT 501 © (3) Web site. They get NO money from the Government. They depend totally on your donations. They do not sell advertizing. All of the movies I have presented are for educational purposes and to preserve movie making & acting as an art form. Movies are a true form of art in storytelling that can be traced back to cavemen drawing pictures, in color, on cave walls. Making this art form available to the public goes back to chained libraries where a single book cost as much as a house. Find it in your heart to give what you can. THANK YOU!