A first person perspective submarine game where the object is to sink the enemy fleet or submarine while protecting your own fleet. Two players can play competively, each trying to sink the other's fleet or sub. Cabinet Infomation: The cabinet has a vertical devider allowing each player to only see their side of the video screen, although an onlooker standing behind the game could see both sides. Game Play: Each player's half of the screen is sub-divided into three sections. The top of the screen shows a sonar view that is basically an overhead view of the entire playfield which shows the location of all the ships. he screen's centre shows the player's available torpedoes. As each torpedo is fired it is greyed out and then turns red when the tube is reloaded. The bottom part of the screen shows the view out of the periscope. By pressing the dive button the bottom view blanks out (because the sub is underwater) and the player is able to move more rapidly to a different area of the playfield, and then resurface. The object of the game is to either sink the enemy fleet or the enemy submarine. The game is divided into battles, each of which ends when either one fleet has been destroyed or one of the subs has been sunk. Then, players receive points based on the tonnage that they have sunk. The game is timed but dropping in additional quarters will buy more time. The difficulty selection is automatic; the better a person players the more difficult the game becomes. Miscellaneous: When playing a one player game the other half of the screen would display the computers view of the game. Released 1979 Platform Arcade Developed by Technical Magic, Inc. Published by Exidy, Inc. Interface Direct control Visual 2D scrolling Gameplay Shooter Perspective 1st-person Vehicular Naval / watercraft Genre Action Description Fire One! is a game that allows you to look through a periscope on a submarine and fire torpedoes at a fleet of a enemies various ships or the enemies submarine. As you are firing to try to destroy the fleet and submarine, an opponent (another player or the arcade) is trying to destroy your fleet or submarine at the same time. You can move your view left or right as you try to find the ships, but you can only fire eight torpedoes at a time before you wait a short delay as you reload. You can also dive underwater to protect yourself from the enemy but can't fire until you resurface. Above the main playing area there is a radar showing all the ships in the area. The winner is the first person to destroy a fleet, the opponents sub or the most points if the time runs out. From Mobygames.com. Original Entry