To celebrate fifty releases on No-Source Netlabel, we've compiled a new compilation consisting on No-Source artists, exclusive tracks, and upcoming bands from the net scene. "Another Day, Another Way" really shows off the sound that is No-Source, with quieter, acoustic driven music, and a good dose of electronics. The compilation kicks off with Multi-Panel's "Christmas with Mr. Rice." This is no holiday song though with washed out acoustics and electronics stuck in a reverb blender. "Prior To (alt. ver.)" is a previously unreleased version of "Prior To" that was recorded between the original 2004 version and the newer 2010 version of the track. Cocolixe provides a great new track with the downtempo electro-pop that is "Swing Low". Tardiss contributes "The Light Between," a track recorded around the time of last year's Blue and Death City Able releases. pEACEFANg shows off some synth work with a fantastic ambient piece that left off of his debut EP. Limited Taste creates a new piece of music by mashing up bits from four different Full-Source tracks (Daylights, Prior To (Now), Until Morning, and Island of the Sun, all from The Lantern, The Ghost, and the Sea). Naked House provides an excellent piano instrumental taken from his album Cough Cough / Naked House. MeDo's Little Trap makes some amazing experimental pop. Their track Lake can be found on their album Medicine Sound available on La bèl netlabel. "Journey" from Experia netlabel founder Age, is a short yet lovely guitar driven instrumental. Artie Appleseed is another project from the man better known as pEACEFANg. "Chipembere" from the album The Peregrine, shows Artie's skill with acoustic guitar. Ross Baker, who formally released music as Second Thought contributes an acoustic track from his album Revolution 2. Book of Burrow's "Worm" is a nice little b-side left off his debut release. James Murfet contributes a ambient IDM masterpiece, combining pulsating drums and field recordings. dmyra brings to the compilation a great little ambient piece called "Fin" to help close it out. San-Ei's "Footnotes" finishes the compilation off with a little extra indie folk love. Like the end of another page to a great book, join No-Source for the next fifty releases!