Thankfully forwarded asap by your friend to you through email attachment & presented here highlights unmistakable PROOF that a horrible deception, rather than a democracy, has long governed America. * This report solves all the major crimes of history in one simple analysis. * This is stated without exaggeration. The proof is outlined, please check it out now. A hidden form of government termed a "Cryptocracy" has taken over America, which is explained more in this document. The American people should now unite for JUSTICE - together with the rest of the people of the world. There is a hidden language abound in the mainstream press and our history books. This language is a coded language of world government numerics (originally derived from ancient mystery religions). This is highlighted in this analysis. If you ever have read George Orwell's 1984, you should have no problem understanding the message of this report. Beware, it is much scarier than a Steven King novel and more occultic than Harry Potter. In short, mass serial killers have long been/are running the world. Precise unmistakable proof is highlighted in this review of world history. Please read, verify, and share with your friends. I am just one little guy, and I can't do 1 millionth of the legwork to get this information out by myself. Please help out, as you will actually be safer in the future with everyone soon knowing about this. It is copyright free for rebroadcast. Radio stations should air this information to inform prior to Martial Law. There is an MP3 to download in the FTP directory linked on the leftside of this page. It's pretty darn important, as you will see. A 10 minute video based on this report can be viewed here: http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=517_1187116759 (video presentation of ebook) Please forward this link, http://www.linktoit.com to everyone you know and more! You and your friends are definitely much safer with everyone knowing about how we are being deceptively governed today!!!