The sound frequencies used in these sessions are based upon Rife sets for resonant therapy devices. * Note :  Download here the ZIP file with THE GUIDE, a freeware tree-based information management tool for Windows featuring ALL the content related to the Sound Frequency Archive. Download, extract the ZIP and open the executable Sound Frequency Archive file inside. Alternatively, download here another ZIP file with the platform independent freeware Knowledge Base program ALEX PKB with the content included, download then extract the ZIP and open the executable JAR file. More available downloads with the same collection include a Windows app MEMPAD   - extract the portable and run the .lst file, and an archive in ZIP format with three documents in TXT, DOC and PDF.  ( Visit location ) This work is dedicated to the public domain and may be reproduced without authorization. * Alopecia (also Baldness,  Pseudopelade). Hair loss, also known as alopecia or baldness, refers to a loss of hair from part of the head or body. Typically at least the head is involved. The severity of hair loss can vary from a small area to the entire body.[6] Inflammation or scarring is not usually present. Hair loss in some people causes psychological distress. Common types include male- or female-pattern hair loss, alopecia areata, and a thinning of hair known as telogen effluvium.] The cause of male-pattern hair loss is a combination of genetics and male hormones; the cause of female pattern hair loss is unclear; the cause of alopecia areata is autoimmune; and the cause of telogen effluvium is typically a physically or psychologically stressful event. Telogen effluvium is very common following pregnancy. Less common causes of hair loss without inflammation or scarring include the pulling out of hair, certain medications including chemotherapy, HIV/AIDS, hypothyroidism, and malnutrition including iron deficiency. Causes of hair loss that occurs with scarring or inflammation include fungal infection, lupus erythematosus, radiation therapy, and sarcoidosis. Pseudopelade of Brocq is a flesh- to pink-colored, irregularly shaped alopecia that may begin in a moth-eaten pattern with eventual coalescence into larger patches of alopecia. * Amino Acid Metabolism (also Amino Acidopathies, Congl.). Inborn errors of amino acid metabolism are metabolic disorders which impair the synthesis and degradation of amino acids. Types: Alkaptonuria. Aspartylglucosaminuria. Methylmalonic acidemia. Maple syrup urine disease. Homocystinuria. Tyrosinemia. Trimethylaminuria. Hartnup disease. Biotinidase deficiency. Ornithine carbamoyltransferase deficiency. Carbamoyl-phosphate synthase I deficiency disease. Citrullinemia. Hyperargininemia. Hyperhomocysteinemia. Hypermethioninemia. Hyperlysinemias. Nonketotic hyperglycinemia. Propionic acidemia. Hyperprolinemia. Amino acid transport disorders: Cystinuria. Dicarboxylic aminoaciduria. Hartnup disease. Amino acid storage disorders: Glutaric acidemia type 2. Aminoacidopathies are a group of rare and diverse disorders, caused by the deficiency of an enzyme or transporter involved in amino acid metabolism. Inborn errors of amino acid metabolism or aminoacidopathies are a group of rare and diverse disorders, in total affecting about 1 in 1000 humans worldwide. These disorders can be subdivided in organic acidurias, urea cycle defects, transport defects of urea cycle intermediates, and remaining aminoacidopathies. * Analgesia is the absence of sensibility to pain, particularly the relief of pain without loss of consciousness; absence of pain or noxious stimulation. An analgesic or painkiller is any member of the group of drugs used to achieve analgesia, relief from pain. They are distinct from anesthetics, which temporarily affect, and in some instances eliminate, sensation. * Arm Injuries. Minor arm injuries are common. Symptoms often develop from everyday wear and tear, overuse, or an injury. Arm injuries are often caused by: Sports or hobbies. Work-related tasks. Work or projects around the home. Older adults have a greater chance for injuries and broken bones because they lose muscle mass and bone strength (osteoporosis) as they age. Older adults also have more problems with vision and balance, which increases their chances of having an accidental injury. Acute injuries come on suddenly and may be caused by a direct blow, a penetrating injury, or a fall or from twisting, jerking, jamming, or bending a limb abnormally. Pain may be sudden and severe. Bruising and swelling may develop soon after the injury. Overuse injuries occur when stress is placed on a joint or other tissue, often by "overdoing" an activity or repeating the same activity. * Asphyxia or asphyxiation is a condition of deficient supply of oxygen to the body that arises from abnormal breathing. An example of asphyxia is choking. Asphyxia causes generalized hypoxia, which affects primarily the tissues and organs. There are many circumstances that can induce asphyxia, all of which are characterized by an inability of an individual to acquire sufficient oxygen through breathing for an extended period of time. Asphyxia can cause coma or death. * Avitaminosis (also Vitamin Deficiency). Vitamin deficiency is the condition of a long-term lack of a vitamin. When caused by not enough vitamin intake it is classified as a primary deficiency, whereas when due to an underlying disorder such as malabsorption it is called a secondary deficiency. An underlying disorder may be metabolic – as in a genetic defect for converting tryptophan to niacin – or from lifestyle choices that increase vitamin needs, such as smoking or drinking alcohol. Thiamine (Vitamine B1) deficiency symptoms of deficiency include weight loss, emotional disturbances, impaired sensory perception, weakness and pain in the limbs, and periods of irregular heart beat. Long-term deficiencies can be life-threatening. Riboflavin (Vitamine B2) deficiency causes painful red tongue with sore throat, chapped and cracked lips, and inflammation at the corners of the mouth (angular cheilitis). Eyes can be itchy, watery, bloodshot and sensitive to light. Riboflavin deficiency also causes anemia with red blood cells that are normal in size and hemoglobin content, but reduced in number. This is distinct from anemia caused by deficiency of folic acid or vitamin B12. Niacin (Vitamine B3) deficiency causes pellagra, a reversible nutritional wasting disease characterized by four classic symptoms often referred to as the four Ds: diarrhea, dermatitis, dementia, and death. Pantothenic acid (Vitamine B5) deficiency is extremely rare. Symptoms include irritability, fatigue, and apathy. Vitamin B6 deficiency signs and symptoms include microcytic anemia, electroencephalographic abnormalities, dermatitis, depression and confusion. Biotin (Vitamin B7) deficiency affects hair growth and skin health. Folate (Vitamin B9) deficiency is common, and associated with numerous health problems, but primarily with neural tube defects (NTDs) in infants when the mother's plasma concentrations were low during the first third of pregnancies. Vitamin B12 deficiency can lead to pernicious anemia, megaloblastic anemia, subacute combined degeneration of spinal cord, and methylmalonic acidemia, among other conditions. Vitamin C deficiency  leads to weakness, weight loss and general aches and pains. Longer-term depletion affects connective tissues, severe gum disease, and bleeding from the skin. Vitamin A deficiency can cause nyctalopia (night blindness) and keratomalacia, the latter leading to permanent blindness if not treated.  Vitamin D deficiency is a known cause of rickets, and has been linked to numerous other health problems. Vitamin E deficiency causes poor conduction of electrical impulses along nerves due to changes in nerve membrane structure and function. Vitamin K deficiency signs and symptoms can include sensitivity to bruising, bleeding gums, nosebleeds, and heavy menstrual bleeding in women. Vitamin K deficiency bleeding (VKDB) due to physiologically low vitamin K plasma concentrations is a serious risk for premature and term newborn and young infants. * Bald Head Virus is a virus that causes hair loss. * Bone Fractures. A bone fracture is a medical condition in which there is a partial or complete break in the continuity of a bone. In more severe cases, the bone may be broken into several pieces. A bone fracture may be the result of high force impact or stress, or a minimal trauma injury as a result of certain medical conditions that weaken the bones, such as osteoporosis, osteopenia, bone cancer, or osteogenesis imperfecta, where the fracture is then properly termed a pathologic fracture. Although bone tissue contains no pain receptors, a bone fracture is painful for several reasons: Breaking in the continuity of the periosteum, with or without similar discontinuity in endosteum, as both contain multiple pain receptors. Edema and hematoma of nearby soft tissues caused by ruptured bone marrow evokes pressure pain. Involuntary muscle spasms trying to hold bone fragments in place. Damage to adjacent structures such as nerves, muscles or blood vessels, spinal cord, and nerve roots (for spine fractures), or cranial contents (for skull fractures) may cause other specific signs and symptoms. Some fractures may lead to serious complications including a condition known as compartment syndrome. If not treated, eventually, compartment syndrome may require amputation of the affected limb. Other complications may include non-union, where the fractured bone fails to heal or mal-union, where the fractured bone heals in a deformed manner. One form of malunion is the malrotation of a bone, which is especially common after femoral and tibial fractures. * Bradycardia (also Bradyarrhythmia) is a condition typically defined wherein an individual has a resting heart rate of under 60 beats per minute (BPM) in adults, although some studies use a heart rate of less than 50 BPM. Bradycardia typically does not cause symptoms until the rate drops below 40 bpm. When symptomatic, it may cause fatigue, weakness, dizziness, sweating, and at very low rates, fainting. Highly trained athletes may also have athletic heart syndrome, a very slow resting heart rate that occurs as a sport adaptation and helps prevent tachycardia during training. The term "relative bradycardia" is used to refer to a heart rate that, although not actually below 60 BPM, is still considered too slow for the individual's current medical condition. * Brain Hypoxia (also Cerebral Anoxia, Encephalopathy Hypoxic, Hypoxia Brain, Anoxia Brain, Anoxic Encephalopathy) erebral hypoxia is a form of hypoxia (reduced supply of oxygen), specifically involving the brain; when the brain is completely deprived of oxygen, it is called cerebral anoxia. There are four categories of cerebral hypoxia; they are, in order of increasing severity: diffuse cerebral hypoxia (DCH), focal cerebral ischemia, cerebral infarction, and global cerebral ischemia. Prolonged hypoxia induces neuronal cell death via apoptosis, resulting in a hypoxic brain injury. Cases of total oxygen deprivation are termed "anoxia", which can be hypoxic in origin (reduced oxygen availability) or ischemic in origin (oxygen deprivation due to a disruption in blood flow). Brain injury as a result of oxygen deprivation either due to hypoxic or anoxic mechanisms are generally termed hypoxic/anoxic injuries (HAI). Hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy (HIE) is a condition that occurs when the entire brain is deprived of an adequate oxygen supply, but the deprivation is not total. While HIE is associated in most cases with oxygen deprivation in the neonate due to birth asphyxia, it can occur in all age groups, and is often a complication of cardiac arrest. The brain requires approximately 3.3 ml of oxygen per 100 g of brain tissue per minute. Initially the body responds to lowered blood oxygen by redirecting blood to the brain and increasing cerebral blood flow. Blood flow may increase up to twice the normal flow but no more. If the increased blood flow is sufficient to supply the brain's oxygen needs then no symptoms will result. However, if blood flow cannot be increased or if doubled blood flow does not correct the problem, symptoms of cerebral hypoxia will begin to appear. Mild symptoms include difficulties with complex learning tasks and reductions in short-term memory. If oxygen deprivation continues, cognitive disturbances, and decreased motor control will result. The skin may also appear bluish (cyanosis) and heart rate increases. Continued oxygen deprivation results in fainting, long-term loss of consciousness, coma, seizures, cessation of brain stem reflexes, and brain death. * Burns. A burn is a type of injury to skin, or other tissues, caused by heat, cold, electricity, chemicals, friction, or ultraviolet radiation (like sunburn). Most burns are due to heat from hot liquids (called scalding), solids, or fire. While rates are similar for males and females, the underlying causes often differ. Among women in some areas, risk is related to use of open cooking fires or unsafe cook stoves. Among men, risk is related to the work environments. Alcoholism and smoking are other risk factors. Burns can also occur as a result of self-harm or violence between people (assault). Burns that affect only the superficial skin layers are known as superficial or first-degree burns. They appear red without blisters and pain typically lasts around three days. When the injury extends into some of the underlying skin layer, it is a partial-thickness or second-degree burn. Blisters are frequently present and they are often very painful. Healing can require up to eight weeks and scarring may occur. In a full-thickness or third-degree burn, the injury extends to all layers of the skin. Often there is no pain and the burnt area is stiff. Healing typically does not occur on its own. A fourth-degree burn additionally involves injury to deeper tissues, such as muscle, tendons, or bone. The burn is often black and frequently leads to loss of the burned part. * Carnitine Diseases (also Carnitine Disorders). Distinct deficiencies arise either from genetic mutation of carnitine transporters or in association with other disorders such as liver or kidney disease. Carnitine deficiency occurs in aberrations of carnitine regulation in disorders such as diabetes, sepsis, cardiomyopathy, malnutrition, cirrhosis, endocrine disorders and with aging. Primary carnitine deficiency is a genetic condition that prevents the body from using certain fats for energy, particularly during periods without food (fasting). The nature and severity of signs and symptoms may vary, but they most often appear during infancy or early childhood and can include severe brain dysfunction (encephalopathy), cardiomyopathy, confusion, vomiting, muscle weakness, and hypoglycemia. Some individuals may only have fatigability in adulthood, or no symptoms at all. This condition is caused by mutations in the SLC22A5 gene and is inherited in an autosomal recessive manner. * Cartilage Diseases (also Chondromalacia) Several diseases can affect cartilage. Chondrodystrophies are a group of diseases, characterized by the disturbance of growth and subsequent ossification of cartilage. Some common diseases that affect the cartilage are listed below. Osteoarthritis: Osteoarthritis is a disease of the whole joint, however, one of the most affected tissues is the articular cartilage. The cartilage covering bones (articular cartilage—a subset of hyaline cartilage) is thinned, eventually completely wearing away, resulting in a "bone against bone" within the joint, leading to reduced motion, and pain. Osteoarthritis affects the joints exposed to high stress and is therefore considered the result of "wear and tear" rather than a true disease. It is treated by arthroplasty, the replacement of the joint by a synthetic joint often made of a stainless steel alloy (cobalt chromoly) and ultra-high-molecular-weight polyethylene (UHMWPE). Chondroitin sulfate or glucosamine sulfate supplements, have been claimed to reduce the symptoms of osteoarthritis, but there is little good evidence to support this claim. Traumatic rupture or detachment: The cartilage in the knee is frequently damaged but can be partially repaired through knee cartilage replacement therapy. Often when athletes talk of damaged "cartilage" in their knee, they are referring to a damaged meniscus (a fibrocartilage structure) and not the articular cartilage. Achondroplasia: Reduced proliferation of chondrocytes in the epiphyseal plate of long bones during infancy and childhood, resulting in dwarfism. Costochondritis: Inflammation of cartilage in the ribs, causing chest pain. Spinal disc herniation : Asymmetrical compression of an intervertebral disc ruptures the sac-like disc, causing a herniation of its soft content. The hernia often compresses the adjacent nerves and causes back pain. Relapsing polychondritis: a destruction, probably autoimmune, of cartilage, especially of the nose and ears, causing disfiguration. Death occurs by asphyxiation as the larynx loses its rigidity and collapses. Tumors made up of cartilage tissue, either benign or malignant, can occur. They usually appear in bone, rarely in pre-existing cartilage. The benign tumors are called chondroma, the malignant ones chondrosarcoma. Tumors arising from other tissues may also produce a cartilage-like matrix, the best-known being pleomorphic adenoma of the salivary glands. The matrix of cartilage acts as a barrier, preventing the entry of lymphocytes or diffusion of immunoglobulins. This property allows for the transplantation of cartilage from one individual to another without fear of tissue rejection. Chondromalacia patellae (also known as CMP) is an inflammation of the underside of the patella and softening of the cartilage. The cartilage under the kneecap is a natural shock absorber, and overuse, injury, and many other factors can cause increased deterioration and breakdown of the cartilage. The cartilage is no longer smooth and therefore movement and use is very painful. While it often affects young individuals engaged in active sports, it also afflicts older adults who overwork their knees. Chondromalacia patellae is sometimes used synonymously with patellofemoral pain syndrome.  However, there is general consensus that patellofemoral pain syndrome applies only to individuals without cartilage damage.This condition is also known as Chondrosis. * Chromosome Disorders (also Chromosome Abnormality, Autosomal Chromosome). A chromosome abnormality, chromosomal anomaly, chromosomal aberration, chromosomal mutation, or chromosomal disorder, is a missing, extra, or irregular portion of chromosomal DNA. These can occur in the form of numerical abnormalities, where there is an atypical number of chromosomes, or as structural abnormalities, where one or more individual chromosomes are altered. Chromosome mutation was formerly used in a strict sense to mean a change in a chromosomal segment, involving more than one gene. Chromosome anomalies usually occur when there is an error in cell division following meiosis or mitosis. Chromosome abnormalities may be detected or confirmed by comparing an individual's karyotype, or full set of chromosomes, to a typical karyotype for the species via genetic testing. Autosomal genetic disorders can arise due to a number of causes, some of the most common being nondisjunction in parental germ cells or Mendelian inheritance of deleterious alleles from parents. Autosomal genetic disorders which exhibit Mendelian inheritance can be inherited either in an autosomal dominant or recessive fashion.[7] These disorders manifest in and are passed on by either sex with equal frequency.[7][8] Autosomal dominant disorders are often present in both parent and child, as the child needs to inherit only one copy of the deleterious allele to manifest the disease. Autosomal recessive diseases, however, require two copies of the deleterious allele for the disease to manifest. Because it is possible to possess one copy of a deleterious allele without presenting a disease phenotype, two phenotypically normal parents can have a child with the disease if both parents are carriers (also known as heterozygotes) for the condition. * Chronic Diseases (also Chronic Illness) is a human health condition or disease that is persistent or otherwise long-lasting in its effects or a disease that comes with time. The term chronic is often applied when the course of the disease lasts for more than three months. Common chronic diseases include arthritis, asthma, cancer, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, diabetes, Lyme disease, autoimmune diseases, genetic disorders and some viral diseases such as hepatitis C and acquired immunodeficiency syndrome. It is possible and not unexpected for an illness to change in definition from terminal to chronic. Diabetes and HIV for example were once terminal yet are now considered chronic due to the availability of insulin for diabetics and daily drug treatment for individuals with HIV which allow these individuals to live while managing symptoms. In medicine, a chronic condition can be distinguished from one that is acute. An acute condition typically affects one portion of the body and responds to treatment. A chronic condition on the other hand usually affects multiple areas of the body, is not fully responsive to treatment, and persists for an extended period of time. Chronic conditions may have periods of remission or relapse where the disease temporarily goes away, or subsequently reappears. Periods of remission and relapse are commonly discussed when referring to substance abuse disorders which some consider to fall under the category of chronic condition. Chronic conditions are often associated with non-communicable diseases which are distinguished by their non-infectious causes. Some chronic conditions though, are caused by transmissible infections such as HIV/AIDS. * Common Cold (also Coryza, Acute) The common cold, also known simply as a cold, is a viral infectious disease of the upper respiratory tract that primarily affects the respiratory mucosa of the nose, throat, sinuses, and larynx. Signs and symptoms may appear less than two days after exposure to the virus. These may include coughing, sore throat, runny nose, sneezing, headache, and fever.People usually recover in seven to ten days, but some symptoms may last up to three weeks. Occasionally, those with other health problems may develop pneumonia. Well over 200 virus strains are implicated in causing the common cold, with rhinoviruses, coronaviruses, adenoviruses and enteroviruses being the most common. They spread through the air during close contact with infected people or indirectly through contact with objects in the environment, followed by transfer to the mouth or nose. Risk factors include going to child care facilities, not sleeping well, and psychological stress.[6] The symptoms are mostly due to the body's immune response to the infection rather than to tissue destruction by the viruses themselves. The symptoms of influenza are similar to those of a cold, although usually more severe and less likely to include a runny nose. * Corneal Diseases (also Corneal Ulcer) The most common corneal disorders are the following: Corneal abrasion - a medical condition involving the loss of the surface epithelial layer of the eye's cornea as a result of trauma to the surface of the eye. Corneal dystrophy - a condition in which one or more parts of the cornea lose their normal clarity due to a buildup of cloudy material. Corneal ulcer - an inflammatory or infective condition of the cornea involving disruption of its epithelial layer with involvement of the corneal stroma. Corneal neovascularization - excessive ingrowth of blood vessels from the limbal vascular plexus into the cornea, caused by deprivation of oxygen from the air. Fuchs' dystrophy - cloudy morning vision. Keratitis - inflammation of the cornea. Keratoconus - a degenerative disease, the cornea thins and changes shape to be more like a cone. Corneal Foreign body- one of the most common preventable occupational hazards. * Cough is a sudden expulsion of air through the large breathing passages that can help clear them of fluids, irritants, foreign particles and microbes. As a protective reflex, coughing can be repetitive with the cough reflex following three phases: an inhalation, a forced exhalation against a closed glottis, and a violent release of air from the lungs following opening of the glottis, usually accompanied by a distinctive sound. Frequent coughing usually indicates the presence of a disease.Most of the time, irregular coughing is caused by a respiratory tract infection but can also be triggered by choking, smoking, air pollution, asthma, gastroesophageal reflux disease, post-nasal drip, chronic bronchitis, lung tumors, heart failure and medications such as angiotensin-converting-enzyme inhibitors (ACE inhibitors). As it is a natural protective reflex, suppressing the cough reflex might have damaging effects, especially if the cough is productive. The complications of coughing can be classified as either acute or chronic. Acute complications include cough syncope (fainting spells due to decreased blood flow to the brain when coughs are prolonged and forceful), insomnia, cough-induced vomiting, subconjunctival hemorrhage or "red eye", coughing defecation and in women with a prolapsed uterus, cough urination. Chronic complications are common and include abdominal or pelvic hernias, fatigue fractures of lower ribs and costochondritis. Chronic or violent coughing can contribute to damage to the pelvic floor and a possible cystocele. * Cutis Laxa (also Dermatolysis, Dermatomegaly) is a group of rare connective tissue disorders in which the skin becomes inelastic and hangs loosely in folds. It is characterised by skin that is loose, hanging, wrinkled, and lacking in elasticity. The loose skin can be either generalised or localised. Biopsies have shown reduction and degeneration of dermal elastic fibres in the affected areas of skin. The loose skin is often most noticeable on the face, resulting in a prematurely aged appearance. The affected areas of skin may be thickened and dark. In addition, the joints may be loose (hypermobile) because of lax ligaments and tendons. When cutis laxa is severe, it can also affect the internal organs. The lungs, heart (supravalvular pulmonary stenosis), intestines, or arteries may be affected with a variety of severe impairments. In some cases, hernias and outpouching of the bladder can be observed. Patients can also present with whites of the eyes that are blue. * Dental Diseases  (also Dental/Jaw Cavitations, Stomatognathic Diseases) Dental disease means any pain, injury, deformity, physical illness or departure from complete dental health or the proper condition of the human oral cavity or any of its parts. A dental cavitation is a hole in the jawbone, even though “dental” usually refers to the teeth. Dental cavitations are lesions within the jawbone, often due to blood flow blockage. These holes in the bone harbor toxins and bacteria, but they may not cause any noticeable symptoms. However, these cavitations have been linked to systemic health problems. Stomatognathic Diseases are diseases of the stomatognathic system, comprising the mouth, teeth, jaws, and pharynx. * Dermatitis  (also Contagious Pustular Dermatitis, Erythroderma, Swimmer's Itch) is inflammation of the skin, typically characterized by itchiness, redness and a rash.  In cases of short duration, there may be small blisters, while in long-term cases the skin may become thickened. The area of skin involved can vary from small to covering the entire body. Dermatitis includes atopic dermatitis, allergic contact dermatitis, irritant contact dermatitis, seborrhoeic dermatitis and stasis dermatitis. Contagious Pustular Dermatitis also Orf, is an exanthemous disease caused by a parapox virus and occurring primarily in sheep and goats. It is also known as contagious ecthyma, infectious labial dermatitis, ecthyma contagiosum, thistle disease and scabby mouth. Orf virus is zoonotic—it can also infect humans. Erythroderma is an inflammatory skin disease with redness and scaling that affects nearly the entire cutaneous surface. Erythroderma is generalized exfoliative dermatitis, which involves 90% or more of the patient's skin. The most common cause of erythroderma is exacerbation of an underlying skin disease, such as psoriasis, contact dermatitis, seborrheic dermatitis, lichen planus, pityriasis rubra pilaris or a drug reaction, such as the use of topical steroids. Primary erythroderma is less frequent and is usually seen in cases of cutaneous T-cell lymphoma, in particular in Sézary's disease. Swimmer's Itch, cercarial dermatitis or schistosome dermatitis is a short-term allergic immune reaction occurring in the skin of humans that have been infected by water-borne schistosomes, a type of flatworms. It is common in freshwater, brackish and marine habitats worldwide. The main symptom is itchy papules (raised skin) that commonly occur within 2 days of infection. Initially, wheals develop quickly, then turn into maculae in about half an hour. Within 10–12 hours these turn into very itchy papules that reach their worst by the second or third day. The papules disappear in 1–2 weeks but secondary effects from scratching can continue longer. The intense itching, which peaks after 48–72 hours, is associated with pain and swelling of the affected areas. People repeatedly exposed to cercariae develop heavier symptoms with faster onset. * Dermatomycoses  (also Dermatophytoses, Jock Itch,  Fungal Skin Diseases, Tinea Pedis, Athlet's Foot). Fungal infection, also known as mycosis, is disease caused by fungi. Different types are traditionally divided according to the part of the body affected; superficial, subcutaneous, and systemic. Superficial fungal infections include common tinea of the skin, such as tinea of the body, groin, hands, feet and beard, and yeast infections such as pityriasis versicolor. Dermatophytosis, also known as ringworm, is a fungal infection of the skin. Typically it results in a red, itchy, scaly, circular rash. Hair loss may occur in the area affected. Symptoms begin four to fourteen days after exposure. Multiple areas can be affected at a given time. Tinea cruris, also known as jock itch, is a common type of contagious, superficial fungal infection of the groin region, which occurs predominantly but not exclusively in men and in hot-humid climates. Typically, over the upper inner thighs, there is an intensely itchy red raised rash with a scaly well-defined curved border. Athlete's foot, known medically as tinea pedis, is a common skin infection of the feet caused by fungus. Signs and symptoms often include itching, scaling, cracking and redness. In rare cases the skin may blister. Athlete's foot fungus may infect any part of the foot, but most often grows between the toes. The next most common area is the bottom of the foot. The same fungus may also affect the nails or the hands. It is a member of the group of diseases known as tinea. Athlete's foot is caused by a number of different fungi, including species of Trichophyton, Epidermophyton, and Microsporum. The condition is typically acquired by coming into contact with infected skin, or fungus in the environment. Common places where the fungi can survive are around swimming pools and in locker rooms. They may also be spread from other animals. * Eating Disorders (also Obesity and Eating Disorders), An eating disorder is a mental disorder defined by abnormal eating behaviors that negatively affect a person's physical or mental health. Types of eating disorders include binge eating disorder, where the afflicted eats a large amount in a short period of time; anorexia nervosa, where the person afflicted has an intense fear of gaining weight and restrict food or overexercise to manage this fear; bulimia nervosa, where the afflicted individual eats a lot (binging) then tries to rid themselves of the food (purging); pica, where the afflicted eats non-food items; rumination syndrome, where the afflicted regurgitates undigested or minimally digested food; avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder (ARFID), where people have a reduced or selective food intake due to some psychological reasons; and a group of other specified feeding or eating disorders. Anxiety disorders, depression and substance abuse are common among people with eating disorders. Obesity is a medical condition in which excess body fat has accumulated to an extent that it may have a negative effect on health. Obesity is correlated with various diseases and conditions, particularly cardiovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes, obstructive sleep apnea, certain types of cancer, and osteoarthritis. * Edema (also Hydrops),  fluid retention, dropsy, hydropsy and swelling, is the build-up of fluid in the body's tissue. Most commonly, the legs or arms are affected. Symptoms may include skin which feels tight, the area may feel heavy, and affected joints may be hard to move. Other symptoms depend on the underlying cause. Causes may include venous insufficiency, heart failure, kidney problems, low protein levels, liver problems, deep vein thrombosis, infections, angioedema, certain medications, and lymphedema. It may also occur after prolonged sitting or standing and during menstruation or pregnancy. The condition is more concerning if it starts suddenly, or pain or shortness of breath is present. Hydrops, the excessive accumulation of serous fluid in tissues or cavities of the body, corresponding to any of various conditions, depending on characteristics and anatomic site, including: Most generally: Edema (hydropsy, dropsy). Anasarca, a severe and widespread form of edema. Ascites, fluid buildup in the abdomen. Effusion (medical senses). More specifically: Endolymphatic hydrops, edema in the inner ear, present in Ménière's disease. Cochlear hydrops, a variant of Meniere's disease/Endolymphatic Hydrops without vertigo. Hydrops fetalis, edema in a fetus. Corneal hydrops, humoral edema of the eye. * Fatigue is a feeling of weariness, tiredness, or lack of energy. It may be sudden or gradual in onset. It normally follows prolonged physical or mental activity, and resolves completely with rest. However, it may be a symptom of a medical condition if it is unresolved, severe, progressive, or occurs without provocation. Physical fatigue is the transient inability of muscles to maintain optimal physical performance, and is made more severe by intense physical exercise. Mental fatigue is a transient decrease in maximal cognitive performance resulting from prolonged periods of cognitive activity. Mental fatigue can manifest as somnolence, lethargy, or directed attention fatigue. Fatigue can usually be alleviated by periods of rest, unlike weakness. Fatigue and 'feelings of fatigue' are sometimes confused. Fatigability describes a susceptibility to fatigue * Fatty Acid Oxidation Disorders.  In biochemistry and metabolism, beta-oxidation is the catabolic process by which fatty acid molecules are broken down in the cytosol in prokaryotes and in the mitochondria in eukaryotes to generate acetyl-CoA, which enters the citric acid cycle, and NADH and FADH2, which are co-enzymes used in the electron transport chain.The term fatty acid oxidation disorder (FAOD) is sometimes used, especially when there is an emphasis on the oxidation of the fatty acid. In addition to the fetal complications, they can also cause complications for the mother during pregnancy. Examples include: Mitochondrial trifunctional protein deficiency (MTPD )is an autosomal recessive fatty acid oxidation disorder that prevents the body from converting certain fats to energy, particularly during periods without food. The genetics of mitochondrial trifunctional protein deficiency is based on mutations in the HADHA and HADHB genes which cause this disorder. Medium-chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency (MCAD deficiency or MCADD), is a disorder of fatty acid oxidation that impairs the body's ability to break down medium-chain fatty acids into acetyl-CoA. The disorder is characterized by hypoglycemia and sudden death without timely intervention, most often brought on by periods of fasting or vomiting. ACADM is the gene involved. Long-chain 3-hydroxyacyl-coenzyme A dehydrogenase deficiency LCHADD, is a rare autosomal recessive fatty acid oxidation disorder that prevents the body from converting certain fats into energy. Mutations in the HADHA gene lead to inadequate levels of an enzyme called long-chain 3-hydroxyacyl-coenzyme A (CoA) dehydrogenase, which is part of a protein complex known as mitochondrial trifunctional protein. Long-chain fatty acids from food and body fat cannot be metabolized and processed without sufficient levels of this enzyme. As a result, these fatty acids are not converted to energy, which can lead to characteristic features of this disorder, such as lethargy and hypoglycemia. Long-chain fatty acids or partially metabolized fatty acids may build up in tissues and damage the liver, heart, retina, and muscles, causing more serious complications. Very long-chain acyl-coenzyme A dehydrogenase deficiency VLCADD is a fatty-acid metabolism disorder which prevents the body from converting certain fats to energy, particularly during periods without food. Mutations in the ACADVL gene lead to inadequate levels of an enzyme called very long-chain acyl-coenzyme A (CoA) dehydrogenase. Without this enzyme, long-chain fatty acids from food and fats stored in the body cannot be degraded and processed. As a result, these fatty acids are not converted into energy, which can lead to characteristic signs and symptoms of this disorder, such as lethargy and hypoglycemia. Levels of very long-chain fatty acids or partially degraded fatty acids may build up in tissues and can damage the heart, liver, and muscles, causing more serious complications. * Fever (also Hyperthermia, Pirexia) is a body temperature that is higher than normal. A normal temperature can vary from person to person, but it is usually around 98.6 °F (37 °C). A fever is not a disease. It is usually a sign that your body is trying to fight an illness or infection. Infections cause most fevers. You get a fever because your body is trying to kill the virus or bacteria that caused the infection. Most of those bacteria and viruses do well when your body is at your normal temperature. But if you have a fever, it is harder for them to survive. Fever also activates your body's immune system. * Foot Deformities (also Hammertoes, Metatarsal Deformity, Morton's Neuroma, Pes Cavus, Talipes Cavus, Cavus Deformity). A foot deformity is a disorder of the foot that can be congenital or acquired. Such deformities can include hammer toe, club foot, flat feet, pes cavus, etc. A hammer toe or contracted toe is a deformity of the muscles and ligaments of the proximal interphalangeal joint of the second, third, fourth, or fifth toe causing it to be bent, resembling a hammer. In the early stage a flexible hammertoe is movable at the joints; a rigid hammertoe joint cannot be moved. Mallet toe and Claw toe are similar conditions. Metatarsal Deformity are alterations or deviations from normal shape or size which result in a disfigurement of the foot. Morton's neuroma is a benign neuroma of an intermetatarsal plantar nerve, most commonly of the second and third intermetatarsal spaces (between the second/third and third/fourth metatarsal heads; the first is of the big toe), which results in the entrapment of the affected nerve. Though the condition is labeled as a neuroma, many sources do not consider it a true tumor, but rather a perineural fibroma (fibrous tissue formation around nerve tissue). Symptoms include pain on weight bearing, frequently after only a short time. Some people describe a feeling akin to having a pebble in the shoe or walking on razor blades. Burning, numbness, and paresthesia may also be experienced. The symptoms progress over time, often beginning as a tingling sensation in the ball of the foot. Pes cavus, also known as high arch, is a human foot type in which the sole of the foot is distinctly hollow when bearing weight. That is, there is a fixed plantar flexion of the foot. A high arch is the opposite of a flat foot and is somewhat less common. Individuals with pes cavus frequently report foot pain, which can lead to a significant limitation in function. The range of complaints reported in the literature include metatarsalgia, pain under the first metatarsal, plantar fasciitis, painful callosities, ankle arthritis, and Achilles tendonitis. There are many other symptoms believed to be related to the cavus foot. These include shoe-fitting problems, lateral ankle instability, lower limb stress fractures, knee pain, iliotibial band friction syndrome, back pain and tripping. Talipes Cavus or Clubfoot is a birth defect where one or both feet are rotated inward and downward. The affected foot and leg may be smaller than the other. Approximately 50% of cases of clubfoot affect both feet. Most of the time, it is not associated with other problems. Without treatment, the foot remains deformed, and people walk on the sides of their feet. This may lead to pain and difficulty walking. Three main types of pes cavus are regularly described in the literature: pes cavovarus, pes calcaneocavus, and ‘pure’ pes cavus. The three types of pes cavus can be distinguished by their aetiology, clinical signs and radiological appearance. A combination of any or all of these elements can also be seen in a ‘combined’ type of pes cavus that may be further categorized as flexible or rigid. Also, types of Pes Cavus is based on the location of APEX of the deformity: Anterior Cavus (Forefoot Cavus) –Local –Global. Metatarsus cavus. Posterior Cavus. Combined. * Gangrene is the death of tissues in your body. It happens when a part of your body loses its blood supply. Gangrene can happen on the surface of the body, such as on the skin, or inside the body, in muscles or organs. Causes include: Serious injuries. Problems with blood circulation, such as atherosclerosis and peripheral arterial disease. Diabetes. Skin symptoms may include a blue or black color, pain, numbness, and sores that produce a foul-smelling discharge. If the gangrene is internal, you may run a fever and feel unwell, and the area may be swollen and painful. Gangrene is a serious condition. It needs immediate attention. In severe cases an amputation may be necessary. * Hair Diseases or Pseudofolliculitis Barbae. Hair diseases are disorders primarily associated with the follicles of the hair. Pseudofolliculitis barbae (PFB) is a persistent irritation caused by shaving. Pseudofolliculitis barbae (PFB) is most common on the face, but it can also happen on other parts of the body where hair is shaved or plucked, especially areas where hair is curly and the skin is sensitive, such as genital shaving (more properly termed pseudofolliculitis pubis or PFP). After a hair has been shaved, it begins to grow back. Curly hair tends to curl into the skin instead of straight out of the follicle, leading to an inflammation reaction. PFB can make the skin look itchy and red, and in some cases, it can even look like pimples. These inflamed papules or pustules can form especially if the area becomes infected. This is especially a problem for some men who have naturally coarse or tightly curling thick hair. Curly hair increases the likelihood of PFB by a factor of 50. If left untreated over time, this can cause keloid scarring in the beard area. Pseudofolliculitis barbae can further be divided into two types of ingrown hairs: transfollicular and extrafollicular. The extrafollicular hair is a hair that has exited the follicle and reentered the skin. The transfollicular hair never exits the follicle, but because of its naturally curly nature curls back into the follicle causing fluid build-up and irritation. Some related conditions are: Razor burn, a less serious condition caused by shaving, characterized by mild to moderate redness and irritation on the surface of the skin. Unlike PFB, it is usually transient and there is no infection involved. Folliculitis barbae also differs from PFB, where folliculitis barbae is caused by viral or bacterial infections, pseudofolliculitis is created by irritation from shaving and ingrown hairs. Pseudofolliculitis nuchae, a related condition, occurs on the back of the neck, often along the posterior hairline, when curved hairs are cut short and allowed to grow back into the skin. Left untreated, this can develop into acne keloidalis nuchae, a condition in which hard, dark keloid-like bumps form on the neck. * Heat Stress Disorders (also Heat Cramps. Heat Stress Syndromes ) is a group of conditions due to overexposure to or overexertion in excess environmental temperature. Heat cramps usually affect workers who sweat a lot during strenuous activity. This sweating depletes the body’s salt and moisture levels. Low salt levels in muscles causes painful cramps. Heat cramps may also be a symptom of heat exhaustion. The symptoms are: Muscle cramps, pain, or spasms in the abdomen, arms, or legs. Heat exhaustion (or "heat prostration" or "heat stress") symptoms can include heavy sweating, rapid breathing and a fast, weak pulse. If the condition progresses to heat stroke, then hot, dry skin is typical as blood vessels dilate in an attempt to increase heat loss. An inability to cool the body through perspiration may cause dry skin. * Hyperglycemia-Symptoms Only Hyperglycemia is a condition that has an excessive glucose amount in the blood plasma. This is also called high blood sugar. Hyperglycemia is a serious problem for patients with diabetes. It is developed when the blood has too much sugar in it. There are two types of hyperglycemia that occurs in people that have diabetes. Fasting hyperglycemia is acquired after fasting for about 8 hours. The blood sugar is higher than 90 to 130 mg/dl. After-meal hyperglycemia has a blood sugar level higher than 180 mg/dl. Hyperglycemia Symptoms: Temporary hyperglycemia is asymptomatic and benign. The levels of the blood glucose can rise above the normal level without really having some effects and symptoms. But, chronic hyperglycemia that has levels higher than the normal can have serious complications. The symptoms of hyperglycemia can be associated with acute hyperglycemia and chronic hyperglycemia. Early symptoms of hyperglycemia: Polyphagia- being hungry frequently, pronounced hunger. Polydipsia- being frequently thirsty, excessive thirst. Polyuria- frequently urinating. Headaches. Difficulty in concentrating. Blurred vision. Weak and tired feeling. Weight loss. Blood glucose level is more than 180 mg/dl. Prolonged hyperglycemia symptoms: Vaginal and skin infections. Cuts and sores that are slow healing. Decreased vision. Nerve damage resulting to insensitive feet, loss of hair and erectile dysfunction. Intestinal and stomach problems like chronic constipation or diarrhea. Coma. * Ichthyosis (also Netherton Syndrome, Xeroderma) is a family of genetic skin disorders characterized by dry, thickened, scaly skin. The more than 20 types of ichthyosis range in severity of symptoms, outward appearance, underlying genetic cause and mode of inheritance. Netherton syndrome is a severe, autosomal recessive form of ichthyosis associated with mutations in the SPINK5 gene. Netherton syndrome is characterized by chronic skin inflammation, universal pruritus (itch), severe dehydration, and stunted growth. Patients with this disorder tend to have a hair shaft defect (trichorrhexis invaginata), also known as "bamboo hair". The disrupted skin barrier function in affected individuals also presents a high susceptibility to infection and allergy, leading to the development of scaly, reddish skin similar to atopic dermatitis. In severe cases, these atopic manifestations persist throughout the individual's life, and consequently post-natal mortality rates are high. In less severe cases, this develops into the milder ichthyosis linearis circumflexa. Xeroderma, xerosis or xerosis cutis, or simply dry skin, is a skin condition characterized by excessively dry skin. Xeroderma occurs most commonly on the scalp, lower legs, arms, hands, the knuckles, the sides of the abdomen, and thighs. Symptoms most associated with xeroderma are scaling (the visible peeling of the outer skin layer), itching, and skin cracking. * Inflammation is part of the complex biological response of body tissues to harmful stimuli, such as pathogens, damaged cells, or irritants, and is a protective response involving immune cells, blood vessels, and molecular mediators. The function of inflammation is to eliminate the initial cause of cell injury, clear out necrotic cells and tissues damaged from the original insult and the inflammatory process, and initiate tissue repair. The five cardinal signs are heat, pain, redness, swelling, and loss of function. Inflammation is a generic response, and therefore it is considered as a mechanism of innate immunity, as compared to adaptive immunity, which is specific for each pathogen. * Influenza (also Grippe, Human Influenza) commonly known as "the flu", is an infectious disease caused by influenza viruses. Symptoms range from mild to severe and often include fever, runny nose, sore throat, muscle pain, headache, coughing, and fatigue. These symptoms typically begin 1–2 days and less typically 3-4 days after exposure to the virus and last for about 2–8 days. Diarrhea and vomiting can occur, particularly in children. Influenza may progress to pneumonia, which can be caused by the virus or by a subsequent bacterial infection. Other complications of infection include acute respiratory distress syndrome, meningitis, encephalitis, and worsening of pre-existing health problems such as asthma and cardiovascular disease. * Joint Diseases or Sacroiliac Joint Dysfunction. An arthropathy is a disease of a joint. Joint pain is a common but non-specific sign of joint disease. Signs will depend on the specific disease, and may even then vary. Common signs may include: Decreased range of motion, stiffness, effusion, pneumarthrosis -air in a joint (which is also a common normal finding), bone erosion, systemic signs of arthritis such as fatigue. Sacroiliac joint dysfunction generally refers to pain in the sacroiliac joint region that is caused by abnormal motion in the sacroiliac joint, either too much motion or too little motion. Common symptoms include lower back pain, buttocks pain, sciatic leg pain, groin pain, hip pain (for explanation of leg, groin, and hip pain, see referred pain), urinary frequency, and "transient numbness, prickling, or tingling. Pain can range from dull aching to sharp and stabbing and increases with physical activity. Symptoms also worsen with prolonged or sustained positions (i.e., sitting, standing, lying). Bending forward, stair climbing, hill climbing, and rising from a seated position can also provoke pain. Pain is reported to increase during menstruation in women. People with severe and disabling sacroiliac joint dysfunction can suffer from insomnia and depression. Sacral torsion that is untreated over a long period of time can cause severe Achilles tendinosis. * Lactobacillus Acidophilusis a species of Gram-positive bacteria in the genus Lactobacillus. L. acidophilus is found in the human and animal gastrointestinal tract and mouth.L. acidophilus was found to lower serum cholesterol and raise cholesterol in fecal matter when fed to pigs. L. acidophilus is also correlated with antagonistic actions upon growth for Staphylococcus aureus, Escherichia coli, Salmonella typhimurium, and Clostridium perfringens. L. acidophilus is found to also reduce oral plaque formation by Streptococcus mutans. Lactobacillus acidophilus is part of the vaginal microbiota along with other species in the genus including Lactobacillus crispatus, Lactobacillus gasseri, Lactobacillus jensenii, and Lactobacillus iners. Lactobacillus acidophilus, like many probiotic supplements, have many claims made of health benefits when consumed, generally by improving or restoring the gut flora. * Lipodystrophy syndromes are a group of genetic or acquired disorders in which the body is unable to produce and maintain healthy fat tissue. The medical condition is characterized by abnormal or degenerative conditions of the body's adipose tissue. A more specific term, lipoatrophy, is used when describing the loss of fat from one area (usually the face). This condition is also characterized by a lack of circulating leptin which may lead to osteosclerosis. The absence of fat tissue is associated with insulin resistance, hypertriglyceridemia, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and metabolic syndrome. Lipodystrophy can be divided into two broad categories: Congenital lipodystrophy syndromes and Acquired lipodystrophy syndromes. Congenital lipodystrophy (due to inherited genetic defect) is estimated to be extremely rare, possibly affecting only one per million persons. Acquired lipodystophy is much more common, especially affecting persons with HIV infection. Due to an insufficient capacity of subcutaneous adipose tissue to store fat, fat is deposited in non-adipose tissue (lipotoxicity), leading to insulin resistance. Patients display hypertriglyceridemia, severe fatty liver disease and little or no adipose tissue. Average patient lifespan is approximately 30 years before death, with liver failure being the usual cause of death. In contrast to the high levels seen in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease associated with obesity, leptin levels are very low in lipodystropy. Lipodystrophy can be a possible side effect of antiretroviral drugs. Other lipodystrophies manifest as lipid redistribution, with excess, or lack of, fat in various regions of the body. These include, but are not limited to, having sunken cheeks and/or "humps" on the back or back of the neck (also referred to as buffalo hump) which also exhibits due to excess cortisol. Lipoatrophy is most commonly seen in patients treated with thymidine analogue nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors  like zidovudine (AZT) and stavudine (d4T). * Lipomatosis  (also Pleomorphic Lipoma, Fatty Tumor, Hibernoma) is believed to be an autosomal dominant condition in which multiple lipomas are present on the body. Many discrete, encapsulated lipomas form on the trunk and extremities, with relatively few on the head and shoulders. Although this condition is benign, it can sometimes be very painful depending on location of the lipomas. Pleomorphic lipomas, like spindle-cell lipomas, occur for the most part on the backs and necks of elderly men, and are characterized by floret giant cells with overlapping nuclei. A lipoma or Fatty Tumor is a benign tumor made of fat tissue. They are generally soft to the touch, movable, and painless. They usually occur just under the skin, but occasionally may be deeper. Most are less than 5 cm (2.0 in) in size. Common locations include upper back, shoulders, and abdomen. It is possible to have a number of lipomas. The cause is generally unclear. Risk factors include family history, obesity, and lack of exercise. A hibernoma is a benign neoplasm of vestigial brown fat. Patients present with a slow-growing, painless, solitary mass, usually of the subcutaneous tissues. It is much less frequently noted in the intramuscular tissue. It is not uncommon for symptoms to be present for years. Benign neoplasm with brown fat is noted. * Macular Degeneration  (also Age-Related Maculopathy, Stargardt Disease, Best Disease) is a medical condition which may result in blurred or no vision in the center of the visual field. Early on there are often no symptoms. Over time, however, some people experience a gradual worsening of vision that may affect one or both eyes. While it does not result in complete blindness, loss of central vision can make it hard to recognize faces, drive, read, or perform other activities of daily life. Visual hallucinations may also occur but these do not represent a mental illness. Macular degeneration typically occurs in older people. Genetic factors and smoking also play a role. Early or intermediate AMD may be asymptomatic, or it may present with blurred or decreased vision in one or both eyes. This may manifest initially as difficulty with reading or driving (especially in poorly lit areas). Other symptoms of AMD include distortion of vision and blind spots (especially in and around the central visual field). Stargardt disease is the most common inherited single-gene retinal disease. It usually has an autosomal recessive inheritance caused by mutations in the ABCA4 gene. Rarely it has an autosomal dominant inheritance due to defects with ELOVL4 or PROM1 genes. It is characterised by macular degeneration that begins in childhood, adolescence or adulthood, resulting in progressive loss of vision. Presentation usually occurs in childhood or adolescence, though there is no upper age limit for presentation and late onset is possible. The main symptom is loss of visual acuity, uncorrectable with glasses. This manifests as the lack of the ability to see fine details when reading or viewing distant objects. Symptoms typically develop before age 20 and include: wavy vision, blind spots, blurriness, loss of depth perception, sensitivity to glare, impaired colour vision, and difficulty adapting to dim lighting (delayed dark adaptation). Best disease or Vitelliform macular dystrophy, is an irregular autosomal dominant eye disorder which can cause progressive vision loss. This disorder affects the retina, specifically cells in a small area near the center of the retina called the macula. The macula is responsible for sharp central vision, which is needed for detailed tasks such as reading, driving, and recognizing faces. The condition is characterized by yellow (or orange), slightly elevated, round structures similar to the yolk (Latin vitellus) of an egg. Mutations in the RDS and VMD2 genes cause vitelliform macular dystrophy. Mutations in the VMD2 gene are responsible for Best disease. Changes in either the VMD2 or RDS gene can cause the adult-onset form of vitelliform macular dystrophy; however, fewer than a quarter of cases result from mutations in these two genes. In most cases, the cause of the adult-onset form is unknown. * Menstruation Disturbances (also Menstruation Disorders, Menstruation Retrograde, Polymenorrhea, Hypomenorrhea). A menstrual disorder is characterized as any abnormal condition with regards to a person's menstrual cycle. There are many different types of menstrual disorders that vary with signs and symptoms, including pain during menstruation, heavy bleeding, or absence of menstruation. During retrograde menstruation, blood flows through the Fallopian tubes and out into the peritoneum rather than through the cervix and out the vagina. Women with retrograde menstruation often do not have any symptoms. The primary symptom associated with retrograde menstruation is pain during menstruation(dysmenorrhea). Polymenorrhea is a term used to describe a menstrual cycle that is shorter than 21 days. A normal menstrual cycle is between 24 and 38 days long. Hypomenorrhea or hypomenorrhoea, also known as short or scanty periods, is extremely light menstrual blood flow. It is the opposite of heavy periods or hypermenorrhea which is more properly called menorrhagia. * Metabolic Diseases or Thesaurismosis. Metabolism is the process your body uses to get or make energy from the food you eat. Food is made up of proteins, carbohydrates, and fats. Chemicals in your digestive system break the food parts down into sugars and acids, your body's fuel. Your body can use this fuel right away, or it can store the energy in your body tissues, such as your liver, muscles, and body fat. A metabolic disorder occurs when abnormal chemical reactions in your body disrupt this process. When this happens, you might have too much of some substances or too little of other ones that you need to stay healthy. There are different groups of disorders. Some affect the breakdown of amino acids, carbohydrates, or lipids. Another group, mitochondrial diseases, affects the parts of the cells that produce the energy. You can develop a metabolic disorder when some organs, such as your liver or pancreas, become diseased or do not function normally. Diabetes is an example. * Metabolic Syndrome X or Reaven Syndrome X was first described in 1988 by Gerald Reaven, who proposed the existence of a new syndrome characterized by insulin resistance, hyperinsulinemia, hyperglycemia, dyslipidemia, and arterial hypertension. * Migraine Disorders (also Migraine Pain, Status Migrainosus, Migraine Headache). A migraine is a primary headache disorder characterized by recurrent headaches that are moderate to severe. Typically, episodes affect one side of the head, are pulsating in nature, and last from a few hours to three days. Associated symptoms may include nausea, vomiting, and sensitivity to light, sound, or smell. The pain is generally made worse by physical activity, although regular exercise may have prophylactic effects. Up to one-third of people affected have aura: typically a short period of visual disturbance that signals that the headache will soon occur. Occasionally, aura can occur with little or no headache following, but not everyone has this symptom. Migraine is believed to be due to a mixture of environmental and genetic factors. About two-thirds of cases run in families. The underlying mechanisms are not fully known. They are, however, believed to involve the nerves and blood vessels of the brain. Globally, approximately 15% of people are affected by migraine. Migraine typically presents with self-limited, recurrent severe headache associated with autonomic symptoms. About 15–30% of people living with migraine experience episodes with aura, and they also frequently experience episodes without aura. The severity of the pain, duration of the headache, and frequency of attacks are variable. A migraine lasting longer than 72 hours is termed status migrainosus. There are four possible phases to a migraine, although not all the phases are necessarily experienced: The prodrome, which occurs hours or days before the headache. The aura, which immediately precedes the headache. The pain phase, also known as headache phase. The postdrome, the effects experienced following the end of a migraine attack. Migraine is associated with major depression, bipolar disorder, anxiety disorders, and obsessive compulsive disorder. These psychiatric disorders are approximately 2–5 times more common in people without aura, and 3–10 times more common in people with aura. Sometimes, aura occurs without a subsequent headache. This is known in modern classification as a typical aura without headache or commonly as a silent migraine. * Muscular Diseases are any of the diseases and disorders that affect the human muscle system. Diseases and disorders that result from direct abnormalities of the muscles are called primary muscle diseases; those that can be traced as symptoms or manifestations of disorders of the nervous system or other systems are not properly classified as primary muscle diseases. Because muscles and nerves (neurons) supplying muscle operate as a functional unit, disease of both systems results in muscular atrophy (wasting) and paralysis. Muscular atrophy and weakness are among the most common indications of muscle disease. Though the degree of weakness is not necessarily proportional to the amount of wasting, it usually is so if there is specific involvement of nerve or muscle. Only when all causes have been considered can weakness be attributed to failure of the contractile machinery (i.e., the anatomy) of the muscle cell. The effect of weakness in a particular muscle group depends on the normal functional role of the muscle and the degree to which force fails to develop. A weakness in muscles that are near the ends of the limbs usually results in a tendency to drop things if the upper limb is affected or in “foot drop” if the lower limbs are affected. The overall disability is not as great as weakness of more proximal (closer to the body) muscles controlling the pelvic or shoulder girdles, which hold large components of the total body mass against the force of gravity. Weakness of the proximal muscles that control the shoulder blade (scapula), for example, results in “winging” (i.e., when the sharp inner border protrudes backward) as the arms are held outstretched. If the weakness is severe, the arms cannot be raised at all. Pain may be present in muscle disease because of defects in blood circulation, injury, or inflammation of the muscle. Muscle disease may be detected by assessing whether the muscle groups can withhold or overcome the efforts of the physician to pull or push or by observing the individual carrying out isolated voluntary movements against gravity or more complex and integrated activities, such as walking. * Neuralgia (also Nerve Pain, Neurodynia, Paroxysmal Nerve Pain) is pain in the distribution of a nerve or nerves, as in intercostal neuralgia, trigeminal neuralgia, and glossopharyngeal neuralgia. Under the general heading of neuralgia are trigeminal neuralgia (TN), atypical trigeminal neuralgia (ATN), occipital neuralgia, glossopharyngeal neuralgia and postherpetic neuralgia (caused by shingles or herpes). The term neuralgia is also used to refer to pain associated with sciatica and brachial plexopathy. Atypical trigeminal neuralgia (ATN) is a rare form of neuralgia and may also be the most misdiagnosed form. Vascular compression of the trigeminal nerve, infections of the teeth or sinuses, physical trauma, or past viral infections are possible causes of ATN, In the case of trigeminal neuralgia, the affected nerves are responsible for sensing touch, temperature sensation and pressure sensation in the facial area from the jaw to the forehead. In the atypical form of TN, the pain presents as severe constant aching along the nerve. Simple stimuli—such as eating, talking, making facial expressions, washing the face, or any light touch or sensation—can trigger an attack (even the sensation of a cool breeze). Attacks may be lone occurrences, clusters of attacks, or constant episodes. Some patients experience muscle spasm. Glossopharyngeal neuralgia consists of recurring attacks of severe pain in the back of the throat, the area near the tonsils, the back of the tongue, and part of the ear. The pain is due to malfunction of the glossopharyngeal nerve (CN IX), which moves the muscles of the throat and carries information from the throat, tonsils, and tongue to the brain. Glossopharyngeal neuralgia, a rare disorder, usually begins after age 40 and occurs more often in men. Often, its cause is unknown. However, glossopharyngeal neuralgia sometimes results from an abnormally positioned artery that compresses the glossopharyngeal nerve near where it exits the brain stem. Rarely, the cause is a tumor in the brain or neck. Occipital neuralgia, also known as C2 neuralgia, or Arnold's neuralgia, is a medical condition characterized by chronic pain in the upper neck, back of the head and behind the eyes. * Nevus (plural nevi) is a nonspecific medical term for a visible, circumscribed, chronic lesion of the skin or mucosa. A nevus can be either congenital (present at birth) or acquired. Common terms, including mole, birthmark, and beauty mark, are used to describe nevi, but these terms do not distinguish specific types of nevi from one another. The term nevus is applied to a number of conditions caused by neoplasias and hyperplasias of melanocytes, as well as a number of pigmentation disorders, both hypermelanotic (containing increased melanin, the pigment responsible for skin color) and hypomelanotic (containing decreased melanin). Skin lesions which are multi-colored or polychromatic may be a finding in skin cancer. Increased melanin-Usually acquired type: Melanocytic nevi can be categorized based on the location of melanocytic cells, Junctional/epidermis; Intradermal/dermis; Compound/epidermis and dermis. Atypical (dysplastic) nevus, this type of nevus must be diagnosed based on histological features. Clinically, atypical nevi are characterized by variable pigmentation and irregular borders. Becker's nevus. Blue nevus (rarely congenital): A classic blue nevus is usually smaller than 1 cm, flat, and blue-black in color. Hori's nevus. Nevus spilus (speckled lentiginous nevus): This lesion includes dark speckles within a tan-brown background. Pigmented spindle cell nevus. Spitz nevus. Zosteriform lentiginous nevus. Increased melanin-Usually congenital type: Congenital melanocytic nevus, these nevi are often categorized based on size, however, the lesions usually grow in proportion to the body over time, so the category may change over an individual's life. This categorization is important because large congenital melanocytic nevi are associated with an increased risk of melanoma, a serious type of skin cancer. Small: &lt;1.5 cm. Medium: 1.5–19.9 cm. Large: ≥ 20 cm. Nevus of Ito. Nevus of Ota. Decreased melanin-Acquired: Nevus anemicus. Decreased melanin-Congenital: Nevus depigmentosus. Additional types of nevi do not involve disorders of pigmentation or melanocytes. These additional nevi represent hamartomatous proliferations of the epithelium,  connective tissue, and vascular malformations. Epidermal nevi: These nevi represent excess growth of specific cells types found in the skin, including those that make up oil and sweat glands, Verrucous epidermal nevus, Nevus sebaceous, Nevus comedonicus, Eccrine nevus, Apocrine nevus. Connective tissue nevi: Connective tissue nevi represent abnormalities of collagen in the dermis, the deep layer of the skin. Collagenoma, Elastoma. Vascular nevi: These nevi represent excess growth of blood vessels, including capillaries. Nevus simplex (nevus flammeus nuchae), also known as a stork bite or salmon patch. Intramucosal nevi: An intramucosal nevus is a nevus within the mucosa as found in for example the mouth and genital areas. In the mouth, they are found most frequently on the hard palate. They are typically light brown and dome-shaped. Intramucosal nevi account for 64% of all reported case of oral nevi. Hypermelanotic nevi must be differentiated from other types of pigmented skin lesions, Lentigo simplex, Solar lentigo, Café au lait macule, Ink-spot lentigo, Mucosal melanotic macule, Mongolian spot (dermal melanocytosis). * Nose Diseases or Nasal Diseases. One of the most common medical conditions involving the nose is a nosebleed (epistaxis). Another common condition is nasal congestion, usually a symptom of infection, particularly sinusitis, or other inflammation of the nasal lining called rhinitis, including allergic rhinitis and nonallergic rhinitis. Chronic nasal obstruction resulting in breathing through the mouth can greatly impair or prevent the nostrils from flaMost conditions of nasal congestion also cause a loss of the sense of smell (anosmia).ring. One of the causes of snoring is nasal obstruction. Nasal flaring, is usually seen in children when breathing is difficult. In children the nose is a common site of foreign bodies. The nose is one of the exposed areas that is susceptible to frostbite. Because of the special nature of the blood supply to the human nose and surrounding area, it is possible for retrograde infections from the nasal area to spread to the brain. For this reason, the area from the corners of the mouth to the bridge of the nose, including the nose and maxilla, is known as the danger triangle of the face. Infections or other conditions that may result in destruction of, or damage to a part of the nose include rhinophyma, skin cancers particularly basal-cell carcinoma, paranasal sinus and nasal cavity cancer, granulomatosis with polyangiitis, syphilis, leprosy, recreational use of cocaine, chromium and other toxins. The nose may be stimulated to grow in acromegaly, a condition caused by an excess of growth hormone. A common anatomic variant is an air-filled cavity within a concha known as a concha bullosa. In rare cases a polyp can form inside a bullosa. Usually a concha bullosa is small and without symptoms but when large can cause obstruction to sinus drainage. Some drugs can be nasally administered, including drug delivery to the brain, and these include nasal sprays and topical treatments. The septal cartilage can be destroyed through the repeated inhalation of recreational drugs such as cocaine. This, in turn, can lead to more widespread collapse of the nasal skeleton. Sneezing can transmit infections carried in the expelled droplets. This route is called either airborne transmission or aerosol transmission. * Olfaction Disorders (also Paraosmia or Parosmia, Smell Disorders, Anosmia).  Taste and smell disorders are common in adults and may be attributable to a number of causes, including metabolic and endocrine abnormalities, neurologic disorders, inflammatory conditions of the nasal passages and paranasal sinuses, head trauma and surgery, infections, chemical exposures, medications, and even normal aging. Impaired taste and olfaction can negatively impact flavor perception, decreasing the quality of life and interfering with adequate nutritional intake. Parosmia is a dysfunctional smell detection characterized by the inability of the brain to correctly identify an odor's "natural" smell. Instead, the natural odor is usually transformed into an unpleasant aroma, typically a "burned", "rotting", "fecal", or "chemical" smell. There can also be rare instances of a pleasant odor called euosmia. Anosmia, also known as smell blindness, is the loss of the ability to detect one or more smells. Anosmia may be temporary or permanent. It differs from hyposmia, which is a decreased sensitivity to some or all smells. Anosmia can be due to a number of factors, including an inflammation of the nasal mucosa, blockage of nasal passages or a destruction of one temporal lobe. Inflammation is due to chronic mucosa changes in the lining of the paranasal sinus and in the middle and superior turbinates. Phantosmia is the sensation of an odor that isn’t there. * Pain (also Physical Suffering) is a distressing feeling often caused by intense or damaging stimuli. The International Association for the Study of Pain defines pain as "an unpleasant sensory and emotional experience associated with, or resembling that associated with, actual or potential tissue damage." In medical diagnosis, pain is regarded as a symptom of an underlying condition. Pain motivates the individual to withdraw from damaging situations, to protect a damaged body part while it heals, and to avoid similar experiences in the future. Most pain resolves once the noxious stimulus is removed and the body has healed, but it may persist despite removal of the stimulus and apparent healing of the body. Sometimes pain arises in the absence of any detectable stimulus, damage or disease. Pain is usually transitory, lasting only until the noxious stimulus is removed or the underlying damage or pathology has healed, but some painful conditions, such as rheumatoid arthritis, peripheral neuropathy, cancer and idiopathic pain, may persist for years. Pain that lasts a long time is called "chronic" or "persistent", and pain that resolves quickly is called "acute". * Proteinuria is the presence of excess proteins in the urine. In healthy persons, urine contains very little protein; an excess is suggestive of illness. Excess protein in the urine often causes the urine to become foamy (although this symptom may also be caused by other conditions). Severe proteinurina can cause nephrotic syndrome in which there is worsening swelling of the body. Proteinuria often doesn't cause any symptoms and it may be discovered incidentally. Foamy urine is considered a cardinal sign of proteinuria, but only a third of people with foamy urine have proteinuria as the underlying cause. It may also be caused by bilirubin in the urine (bilirubinuria), retrograde ejaculation, pneumaturia (air bubbles in the urine) due to a fistula, or drugs such as pyridium. Albuminuria, a pathological condition wherein the protein albumin is abnormally present in the urine is a type of proteinuria. * Pruritus or Itching. Itch is a sensation that causes the desire or reflex to scratch. Itch has resisted many attempts to be classified as any one type of sensory experience. Itch has many similarities to pain, and while both are unpleasant sensory experiences, their behavioral response patterns are different. Pain creates a withdrawal reflex, whereas itch leads to a scratch reflex. Itch generates stimulus of a foreign object underneath or upon the skin and also the urge to remove it. For example, responding to a local itch sensation is an effective way to remove insects from one's skin. * Respiratory Tract Infections (also Respiratory Tract Disease, Upper Respiratory Tract Infections). Respiratory tract infections (RTIs) are infectious diseases involving the respiratory tract. An infection of this type usually is further classified as an upper respiratory tract infection (URI or URTI) or a lower respiratory tract infection (LRI or LRTI). Lower respiratory infections, such as pneumonia, tend to be far more severe than upper respiratory infections, such as the common cold. The upper respiratory tract is considered the airway above the glottis or vocal cords; sometimes, it is taken as the tract above the cricoid cartilage. This part of the tract includes the nose, sinuses, pharynx, and larynx. Typical infections of the upper respiratory tract include tonsillitis, pharyngitis, laryngitis, sinusitis, otitis media, certain influenza types, and the common cold. Symptoms of URIs can include cough, sore throat, runny nose, nasal congestion, headache, low-grade fever, facial pressure, and sneezing. In uncomplicated colds, coughing and nasal discharge may persist for 14 days or more even after other symptoms have resolved. Acute URTIs include rhinitis, pharyngitis/tonsillitis, and laryngitis often referred to as a common cold, and their complications: sinusitis, ear infection, and sometimes bronchitis (though bronchi are generally classified as part of the lower respiratory tract.) Symptoms of URTIs commonly include cough, sore throat, runny nose, nasal congestion, headache, low-grade fever, facial pressure, and sneezing. Symptoms of rhinovirus in children usually begin 1–3 days after exposure. The illness usually lasts 7–10 more days. Color or consistency changes in mucous discharge to yellow, thick, or green are the natural course of viral URTI and not an indication for antibiotics. Group A beta-hemolytic streptococcal pharyngitis/tonsillitis (strep throat) typically presents with a sudden onset of sore throat, pain with swallowing, and fever. Strep throat does not usually cause runny nose, voice changes, or cough. Pain and pressure of the ear caused by a middle-ear infection (otitis media) and the reddening of the eye caused by viral conjunctivitis are often associated with URTIs. Small round red lesions may occur on the soft palate. * Retinal Diseases (also Retinal Vein Occlusion, Retinal Vein Thrombosis). There are many inherited and acquired diseases or disorders that may affect the retina. Some of them include: Retinitis pigmentosa is a group of genetic diseases that affect the retina and cause the loss of night vision and peripheral vision. Macular degeneration describes a group of diseases characterized by loss of central vision because of death or impairment of the cells in the macula. Cone-rod dystrophy (CORD) describes a number of diseases where vision loss is caused by deterioration of the cones and/or rods in the retina. In retinal separation, the retina detaches from the back of the eyeball. Ignipuncture is an outdated treatment method. The term retinal detachment is used to describe a separation of the neurosensory retina from the retinal pigment epithelium. There are several modern treatment methods for fixing a retinal detachment: pneumatic retinopexy, scleral buckle, cryotherapy, laser photocoagulation and pars plana vitrectomy. Both hypertension and diabetes mellitus can cause damage to the tiny blood vessels that supply the retina, leading to hypertensive retinopathy and diabetic retinopathy. Retinoblastoma is a cancer of the retina. Retinal diseases in dogs include retinal dysplasia, progressive retinal atrophy, and sudden acquired retinal degeneration. Lipemia retinalis is a white appearance of the retina, and can occur by lipid deposition in lipoprotein lipase deficiency. Retinal Detachment. The neural retina occasionally detaches from the pigment epithelium. In some instances, the cause of such detachment is injury to the eyeball that allows fluid or blood to collect between the neural retina and the pigment epithelium. Detachment is occasionally caused by contracture of fine collagenous fibrils in the vitreous humor, which pull areas of the retina toward the interior of the globe. Night Blindness : Night blindness occurs in any person with severe vitamin A deficiency. The reason for this is that without vitamin A, the amounts of retinal and rhodopsin that can be formed are severely depressed. Central retinal vein occlusion, also CRVO, is when the central retinal vein becomes occluded, usually through thrombosis. The central retinal vein is the venous equivalent of the central retinal artery and both may become occluded. Since the central retinal artery and vein are the sole source of blood supply and drainage for the retina, such occlusion can lead to severe damage to the retina and blindness, due to ischemia (restriction in blood supply) and edema (swelling). CRVO can cause ocular ischemic syndrome. Nonischemic CRVO is the milder form of the disease. It may progress to the more severe ischemic type. CRVO can also cause glaucoma. * Retinitis Pigmentosa (also Rod-Cone Dystrophy, Tapetoretinal Degeneration) Retinitis pigmentosa (RP) is a genetic disorder of the eyes that causes loss of vision. Symptoms include trouble seeing at night and decreased peripheral vision (side vision). As peripheral vision worsens, people may experience "tunnel vision". Complete blindness is uncommon. Onset of symptoms is generally gradual and often in childhood. Retinitis pigmentosa is generally inherited from a person's parents. The most common symptoms of cone dystrophy are vision loss (age of onset ranging from the late teens to the sixties), sensitivity to bright lights, and poor color vision. Therefore, patients see better at dusk. Visual acuity usually deteriorates gradually, but it can deteriorate rapidly to 20/200; later, in more severe cases, it drops to "counting fingers" vision. Dystrophy of the light-sensing cells of the eye may also occur in the rods as well, or in both the cones and the rods. A type of rod-cone dystrophy—where rod function decline is typically earlier or more pronounced than cone dystrophy—has been identified as a relatively common characteristic of Bardet–Biedl Syndrome.Tapetoretinal degenerations are due to partial or complete destruction of a normally developed retina, not as a result of exogenous inflammatory or traumatic influences but due to endogenous influences which cause premature degeneration of the tissue. * Sinusitis is inflammation of the mucous membranes that line the sinuses resulting in symptoms that may include thick nasal mucus, a plugged nose, and facial pain. Other signs and symptoms may include fever, headaches, a poor sense of smell, sore throat, and a cough. It is defined as acute sinusitis if it lasts less than 4 weeks, and as chronic sinusitis if it lasts for more than 12 weeks. Sinusitis can be caused by infection, allergies, air pollution, or structural problems in the nose. Most cases are caused by a viral infection. Recurrent episodes are more likely in persons with asthma, cystic fibrosis, and poor immune function. The four paired paranasal sinuses are the frontal, ethmoidal, maxillary, and sphenoidal sinuses. The ethmoidal sinuses are further subdivided into anterior and posterior ethmoid sinuses, the division of which is defined as the basal lamella of the middle nasal concha. Complications are thought to be rare (1 case per 10000). The proximity of the brain to the sinuses makes the most dangerous complication of sinusitis, particularly involving the frontal and sphenoid sinuses, infection of the brain by the invasion of anaerobic bacteria through the bones or blood vessels. Abscesses, meningitis, and other life-threatening conditions may result. In extreme cases, the patient may experience mild personality changes, headache, altered consciousness, visual problems, seizures, coma, and possibly death. * Skin Collagen Building. Collagen is a protein that is an important part of connective tissues in the body. It is a rigid, non-soluble and fibrous protein that adds up to one third of the proteins found in the human body. The collagen tissues support the formation of bones, tendons, and cartilage that form depending on the level of mineralization. However, an individual can lose collagen components in the body due to exposure to ultraviolet light, tobacco, excessive intake of sugar, and aging. This loss of collagen can cause the skin to lose elasticity, reduction of the thickness of the epidermis, increase in the formation of wrinkles and sagging, and also make the skin vulnerable and easily damaged. * Skin Diseases (also Neutrophilic Dermatosis, Skin and Connective Tissue Diseases, Bacterial Skin Diseases, Infectious Skin Diseases, Sweet Syndrome, Dermatoses) is any medical condition that affects the integumentary system—the organ system that encloses the body and includes skin, hair, nails, and related muscle and glands. The major function of this system is as a barrier against the external environment. Conditions of the human integumentary system constitute a broad spectrum of diseases, also known as dermatoses. A skin infection is an infection of the skin in humans and other animals, that can also affect the associated soft tissues such as loose connective tissue and mucous membranes. They comprise a category of infections termed skin and skin structure infections (SSSIs), or skin and soft tissue infections (SSTIs), and acute bacterial SSSIs (ABSSSIs). They are distinguished from dermatitis (inflammation of the skin). although skin infections can result in skin inflammation. Skin and skin structure infections (SSSIs), also referred to as skin and soft tissue infections (SSTIs)] or acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections (ABSSSIs), are infections of skin and associated soft tissues (such as loose connective tissue and mucous membranes). A connective tissue disease is any disease that has the connective tissues of the body as a target of pathology. Connective tissue is any type of biological tissue with an extensive extracellular matrix that supports, binds together, and protects organs. Sweet syndrome (SS), or acute febrile neutrophilic dermatosis, is a skin disease characterized by the sudden onset of fever, an elevated white blood cell count, and tender, red, well-demarcated papules and plaques that show dense infiltrates by neutrophil granulocytes on histologic examination. Signs and symptoms are: Acute, tender, erythematous plaques, nodes, pseudovesicles and, occasionally, blisters with an annular or arciform pattern occur on the head, neck, legs, and arms, particularly the back of the hands and fingers. The trunk is rarely involved. Fever (50%); arthralgia or arthritis (62%); eye involvement, most frequently conjunctivitis or iridocyclitis (38%); and oral aphthae (13%) are associated features. * Spider Veins or Telangectasis are small dilated blood vessels that can occur near the surface of the skin or mucous membranes, measuring between 0.5 and 1 millimeter in diameter. These dilated blood vessels can develop anywhere on the body but are commonly seen on the face around the nose, cheeks and chin. Dilated blood vessels can also develop on the legs, although when they occur on the legs, they often have underlying venous reflux or "hidden varicose veins". When found on the legs, they are found specifically on the upper thigh, below the knee joint and around the ankles. Some telangiectasias are due to developmental abnormalities that can closely mimic the behaviour of benign vascular neoplasms. They may be composed of abnormal aggregations of arterioles, capillaries or venules. * Sweat Gland Diseases or Miliaria. Some diseases of the sweat glands include: Fox-Fordyce disease, the apocrine sweat glands become inflamed, causing a persistent, itchy rash, usually in the axillae and pubic areas. Frey's Syndrome, if the auriculotemporal nerve is damaged (most often as a result of a Parotidectomy), excess sweat can be produced in the rear of the cheek area (just below the ear) in response to stimuli that cause salivation. Heatstroke, when the eccrine glands become exhausted and unable to secrete sweat. Heatstroke can lead to fatal hyperpyrexia (extreme rise in body temperature). Hidradenitis suppurativa, occurs when the skin and sweat glands become inflamed with swollen lumps. These are typically painful and break open, releasing fluid or pus. The most commonly affected areas are the underarms, under the breasts, and the groin. Hyperhidrosis, (also known as polyhidrosis or sudorrhea) is a pathological, excessive sweating that can be either generalized or localized (focal hyperhidrosis); focal hyperhidrosis occurs most often on the palms, soles, face, scalp and axillae. Hyperhidrosis is usually brought on by emotional or thermal stress, but it can also occur or with little to no stimulus. Local (or asymmetrical) hyperhidrosis is said to be caused by problems in the sympathetic nervous system: either lesions or nerve inflammation. Hyperhidrosis can also be caused by trench foot or encephalitis. Milaria rubra, also called prickly heat. Milaria rubra is the rupture of sweat glands and migration of sweat to other tissues. In hot environments, the skin's horny layer can expand due to sweat retention, blocking the ducts of eccrine sweat glands. The glands, still stimulated by high temperatures, continues to secrete. Sweat builds up in the duct, causing enough pressure to rupture the duct where it meets the epidermis. Sweat also escapes the duct to adjacent tissues (a process called milaria). Hypohydrosis then follows milaria (postmiliarial hypohydrosis). Osmidrosis, often called bromhidrosis, especially in combination with hyperhidrosis. Osmohidrosis is excessive odor from apocrine sweat glands (which are overactive in the axillae). Osmidrosis is thought to be caused by changes in the apocrine gland structure rather than changes in the bacteria that acts on sweat. * Swelling or Edema is the build-up of fluid in the body's tissue. Most commonly, the legs or arms are affected. Symptoms may include skin which feels tight, the area may feel heavy, and affected joints may be hard to move. Other symptoms depend on the underlying cause. Causes may include venous insufficiency, heart failure, kidney problems, low protein levels, liver problems, deep vein thrombosis, infections, angioedema, certain medications, and lymphedema. It may also occur after prolonged sitting or standing and during menstruation or pregnancy. The condition is more concerning if it starts suddenly, or pain or shortness of breath is present. * Syndrome Disorders plays the top five most used healing frequencies to fight signs and symptoms that characterise or suggest a disease into normal or regular functions. * Synovitis is the medical term for inflammation of the synovial membrane. This membrane lines joints that possess cavities, known as synovial joints. The condition is usually painful, particularly when the joint is moved. The joint usually swells due to synovial fluid collection. Synovitis may occur in association with arthritis as well as lupus, gout, and other conditions. Synovitis is more commonly found in rheumatoid arthritis than in other forms of arthritis, and can thus serve as a distinguishing factor, although it is also present in many joints affected with osteoarthritis. Long term occurrence of synovitis can result in degeneration of the joint. Synovitis causes joint tenderness or pain, swelling and hard lumps, called nodules. When associated with rheumatoid arthritis, swelling is a better indicator than tenderness. * Tendinopathy (also Tendinitis. Tendonitis) is a type of tendon disorder that results in pain, swelling, and impaired function. The pain is typically worse with movement. It most commonly occurs around the shoulder (rotator cuff tendinitis, biceps tendinitis), elbow (tennis elbow, golfer's elbow), wrist, hip, knee (jumper's knee, popliteus tendinopathy), or ankle (Achilles tendinitis). Causes may include an injury or repetitive activities. Groups at risk include people who do manual labor, musicians, and athletes. Less common causes include infection, arthritis, gout, thyroid disease, and diabetes. Symptoms includes tenderness on palpation, swelling, and pain, often when exercising or with a specific movement. * Vertigo or Lightheadedness is a condition where a person has the sensation of movement or of surrounding objects moving when they are not. Often it feels like a spinning or swaying movement. This may be associated with nausea, vomiting, sweating, or difficulties walking. It is typically worse when the head is moved. Vertigo is the most common type of dizziness. The most common disorders that result in vertigo are benign paroxysmal positional vertigo, Ménière's disease, and labyrinthitis. Less common causes include stroke, brain tumors, brain injury, multiple sclerosis, migraines, trauma, and uneven pressures between the middle ears. Physiologic vertigo may occur following being exposed to motion for a prolonged period such as when on a ship or simply following spinning with the eyes closed. Vertigo that is caused by problems with the inner ear or vestibular system, which is composed of the semicircular canals, the vestibule (utricle and saccule), and the vestibular nerve is called "peripheral", "otologic", or "vestibular" vertigo. Vertigo that arises from injury to the balance centers of the central nervous system (CNS), often from a lesion in the brainstem or cerebellum, is called "central" vertigo and is generally associated with less prominent movement illusion and nausea than vertigo of peripheral origin. Vertigo is a sensation of spinning while stationary. It is commonly associated with nausea or vomiting, unsteadiness (postural instability), falls, changes to a person's thoughts, and difficulties in walking. Recurrent episodes in those with vertigo are common and frequently impair the quality of life. Blurred vision, difficulty in speaking, a lowered level of consciousness, and hearing loss may also occur. The signs and symptoms of vertigo can present as a persistent (insidious) onset or an episodic (sudden) onset. * Vision Disorders, Hemeralopia, Macropsia, Micropsia. A vision disorder is an impairment of the sense of vision. Vision disorder is not the same as an eye disease. Although many vision disorders do have their immediate cause in the eye, there are many other causes that may occur at other locations in the optic pathway. Hemeralopia is the inability to see clearly in bright light and is the exact opposite of nyctalopia (night blindness), the inability to see clearly in low light. Macropsia is a neurological condition affecting human visual perception, in which objects within an affected section of the visual field appear larger than normal, causing the person to feel smaller than they actually are. Macropsia, along with its opposite condition, micropsia, can be categorized under dysmetropsia. * Vitreous Disorders. The vitreous body is a transparent, gelatinous substance that is present in the space between the lens and the retina, providing structural stability and maintaining the shape of the eye. Some conditions that can affect the vitreous body are posterior vitreous detachment, vitreous hemorrhage, synchysis scintillans, asteroid hyalosis, and persistent fetal vasculature. The conditions can be asymptomatic or present with floaters in the field of vision, photopsia, and decreased visual acuity. * Wounds and Injuries occur when the integrity of the skin or other body tissues is compromised (e.g. breaks) Algorithmic piano music mixed with sound frequencies. Public Domain