This Companion is an alphabetical encyclopedia of the Gilded Age & Progressive Era (GAPE) in the United States, beginning in 1877 with the end of Reconstruction and extending to 1919-20, the end of World War I and the beginning of the Harding administration. Combining materials from traditional political history with newer materials from social, ethnic, and cultural history, the book reflects historiographic trends that have influenced the writing of Gilded Age and Progressive Era histories in recent years. These include revisiting major events with gender and race at the center; asking new questions about the role of economic change and social movements; using literary and critical race theories to read traditional evidence, such as court records and military and diplomatic reports, in new ways; understanding the growing connections in this period of the United States with other parts of the world (globalism); and emphasizing the connection between labor and economic trends and social and political movements. The Gilded Age and Progressive Era: A Student Companion includes articles on overall trends (immigration, education, music, sports), social movements (anarchism, child labor movement, consumer movement, conservation movement), terms (armistice, chain store, chautauqua), organizations (American Expeditionary Force, Knights of Labor, Republican party), issues (gender relations, race relations), events (Haymarket Square massacre, Palmer raids, Pullman strike), legal cases (Lochner v. New York), laws (Chinese Exclusion Act, Meat Inspection Act, Selective Service Act), ethnic groups (Mexicans, Chinese), economic issues (trusts, scientific management), and biographies. The articles are cross-referenced and have sources for specific further reading. Backmatter consists of chronology, general further reading and websites, and index. Black-and-white illustrations--including photographs, maps, fine arts, and graphics--complement the text. Oxford's Student Companions to American History are state-of-the-art references for school and home, specifically designed and written for ages 12 through adult. Each book is a concise but comprehensive A-to-Z guide to a major historical period or theme in U.S. history, with articles on key issues and prominent individuals. The authors--distinguished scholars well-known in their areas of expertise--ensure that the entries are accurate, up-to-date, and accessible. Special features include an introductory section on how to use the book, further reading lists, cross-references, chronology, and full index. Review "This excellent reference book is a comprehensive guide to the gilded age and the progressive era in America, a period. " --Bonnie Morris, Library Media Connection About the Author Elisabeth Israels Perry is John Francis Bannon Professor of History at St. Louis University. Karen Manners Smith is in the Department of Social Sciences at Emporia State University. Publisher :  Oxford University Press; Illustrated edition (October 30, 2006) Language: :  English Hardcover :  432 pages ISBN-10 :  0195156706 ISBN-13 :  978-0195156706 Grade level :  7 - 9 Item Weight :  3.15 pounds Dimensions :  11.1 x 1.3 x 8.7 inches