Popcap, Reflexive, Bigfish, Alawar and Gamehouse Games DVD Set Definitive Collection (Roughly over 725 Games across all 5 collections w/Eleven DVD's in ISO and Zip Format) IMPORTANT NOTE : This is the definitive set of all Popcap, Alawar, Bigfish, Gamehouse and Reflexive games together in ONE bundled download. No one else to my knowledge has this featured on the Internet Archive. Skip the smaller bundles and get this one! Now just so you know, all of these games are 100% VIRUS FREE , so if you get a virus alert, then its a false positive, my naive peeps. As such, I recommend you stop complaining like a little bitch, completely disable your anti-virus software, and reinstall the game. You can also try to restore the files if your software allows it from quarantine. Once you disable your anti-virus, it should prevent the removal of some of the key game .exe files. Now, I downloaded, er...um...I mean, acquired this collection a few years ago, and the original uploader/repacker has since disappeared, and there are literally ZERO seeds in any torrents for this full collection, so I didn't want to let this sit in my server storage (like a damn data hoarder) without sharing it to the internet again. I wanted to ensure this complete collection was preserved on the Internet Archive forever, so I took my time and uploaded this all with my measly 35Mbps upload speed from my shitty ISP. (This took a bagillion years to upload, literally). As for me, I collect and test large game collections, so I can verify this entire pack works perfectly. All games are cracked and should work well. I see Popcap and other casual games collections are starting to make a comeback, so I wanted to upload this entire collection to help out the peeps who make these collections available for various arcade front ends, and other popular emulators and PC game collections like Hyperspin, Coin-ops, Emulation Station, Retrobat, Batocera, etc. You are also of course, free to just install and play these games directly on your computer if you wish. The total compressed size of all dvd's is about 43GB (Each dvd is roughly 3.00GB-4.40GB or thereabouts). When fully uncompressed, you are looking at about 50GB total for all the games. The first two dvd's come already unpacked and unzipped in installation folders in ISO format, and the other nine dvd's are uncompressed, and each game individually zipped, and then re-zipped for easy uploading, organization, identification and installation. I used 7zip as my go to zipping utility. You can use whatever unzipper program or utility you like though. Now, just so you know, I'm not some wealthy gamer or some well known game nut/clown. I'm just a simple douchebag uploader. Don't be asking me detailed questions about a particular game, 'cuz I aint your daddy. Extract the game, install it and play the damn thing. A few games may be missing, but I this set is pretty close. If you are missing a game, dont sweat it. You can find it probably on the game makers website or something. I dont know. Don't be crying to me. I can't be responsible to find every damn game my peep. I'm just doing my part to help preserve a piece of internet history. Oh and again, there's no virus/trojans/whatevers on this. The game cracks work in ways that make modern virus programs think they are viruses, but they're not. Seriously. If any girls wanna hit me up, (no dudes, cuz I aint gay) 'cuz I did this alpha/chad thing, then hit me up on facebook or on any tech forums like Servethehome, or Unraid Forums, or Linus Tech Tips forums, as Sleyk. Yes, I'm a nerd. A chad, alpha nerd. Nerds rule. We came up with comic books, and we fix computers and shit. You're welcome. But in all seriousness though, I was happy to upload this collection. I've played these games nonstop for many many months with family and friends. If you are looking for AAA titles, these aren't it. These are nice little casual fun games that play great on mostly any computer. I truly hope you have hours and hours of fun as I did and still continue to do! Enjoy!  :.)