The Library Channel is pleased to present the eighth installment of The Simon Ortiz and Labriola Center Lecture on Indigenous Land, Culture, and Community with Tribal Land Claims: A Generation of Federal Indian Law on the Edge . Attorney Arlinda Locklear demonstrates how attorneys for tribes have used the doctrine of discovery or federal common law to assert claims in tribal land claim cases. She lays out the history of the Oneida land claim case against the state of New York beginning in 1784 when the state began an aggressive campaign to acquire Oneida territory leading to their currently pending case. Arlinda Locklear (Lumbee) has a particularly distinguished career in federal Indian law. During her thirty five yearsâ experience in the field, Locklear has represented tribes throughout the U.S. in federal and state courts on treaty claims to water and land, taxation disputes with states and local authorities, reservation boundary issues, and federal recognition of tribes. In particular, she is a nationally recognized expert in federal recognition of tribes and Indian land claims. Locklear began her career as an attorney at the Native American Rights Fund in Boulder, CO, and later transferred to the Washington DC office. As directing attorney for seven years in the Washington, DC office, Locklear supervised significant litigation of Indian issues as well as the legislative work of the office. Locklear was a member of the board of Advisors for the Encyclopedia of Native Americans in the 20th Century and is a member of the Board of Trustees for the University of North Carolina, Pembroke. Locklear was awarded the Outstanding Woman of Color Award, given by the National Institute of Women of Color in 1987; the Julian T. Pierce Award, given by Pembroke State University in 1994; the 1995 Carpathian Award for Speaking Out, given by North Carolina Equity; the Parks Award for Community Service, given by North Carolina State University in 2003; the 2008 Kate Stoneman Award for outstanding achievement in the legal profession, given by Albany Law School; and the 2009 Distinguished Alumna Award, from the College of Charleston. Locklear earned her law degree from Duke University School of Law and is a member of the Bars of Maryland, North Carolina, and the District of Columbia. She also holds honorary doctorates from State University of New York, Oneonta, and North Carolina State University. ASU Sponsors: American Indian Policy Institute | American Indian Studies Program | Department of English | Faculty of History in the School of Historical, Philosophical, and Religious Studies | Indian Legal Program in the Sandra Day O'Connor College of Law | Labriola National American Indian Data Center | Women and Gender Studies in the School of Social Transformation Recorded on October 6, 2011 at the Heard Museum in Phoenix, Arizona. View more videos from the series on YouTube .