"AntiChrist isn't coming - AntiChrist just got off the bench. But don't get the idea that all judges are crooks and gangsters, and all lawyers are scumbags. This country is in such bad shape because people have no idea what's going on. 80% of all criminal cases start with the admissions and confesions of the defendant. You take out a tape recorder and you have about a 40% chance of walking away without a ticket. Use a tape recorder no matter what situation you are in. Sometimes I use the recorder hidden under my shirt sleeve, for business situations. We're not advocating that you take this out and 'hunt bears'. By the way, driving 92mph in a 55-zone is NOT a 'crime'. No one has been injured under the common law, thus no crime was committed. There are some people who worship government to such a degree, that this world system is a god to them. If you 'sin', you must pay to "absolve" the sin. Technically, you have not violated the law. CRIMINAL Law includes rape, robbery and murder. What a traffic ticket is, is a breach of contract. Sign your driver license 'WITHOUT PREJUDICE' and/or '1-207-UCC' (Uniform Commercial Code). I wish to travel as a Constitutional right to travel. I'm not in a state-regulated commercial enterprise. I'm not a party to this 'voluntary' contract. My signature was made against my will and under duress." -Pastor Rick Strawcutter "Court finds $27,500 fine for second offense driving on a revoked license to be excessive." -State vs Taylor, 70 S.W.3d 717 (Tenn. 2002) "Ignorance of the law is no excuse." -Maxim of Law "I don't trust government. And neither should our citizens." -US Senator Larry Craig, United States Senate, Committee on the Judiciary, "DOJ Oversight: Terrorism and Other Topics", testimony by US Attorney General John Ashcroft re President George Bush Jr.'s Executive Orders to "legalize torture" of US citizens for ALL "crimes" including "victimless 'crimes'", and refusal to release that memo (felony Contempt of Congress), C-SPAN2, June 8, 2004 "Mr. Speaker, my subject today is whether America is a police state. If we are, what are we going to do about it? Most police states, surprisingly, come about through the democratic process with majority support. The masses are easily led to believe that security and liberty are mutually exclusive, and demand for security far exceeds that for liberty. Our government already keeps close tabs on just about everything we do and requires official permission for nearly all of our activities. One might take a look at our Capitol for any evidence of a police state. We see: barricades, metal detectors, police, military soldiers at times, dogs, ID badges required for every move, vehicles checked at airports and throughout the Capitol. The people are totally disarmed, except for the police and the criminals. But worse yet, surveillance cameras in Washington are everywhere to ensure our safety. Like gun control, people control hurts law-abiding citizens much more than the law-breakers. Centralized control and regulations are required in a police state. Not only do we need a license to drive, but we also need special belts, bags, buzzers, seats and environmentally dictated speed limits. Or a policeman will be pulling us over to levy a fine, and he will be toting a gun for sure. Let's reject the police state." -Congressman Dr. Ron Paul, MD (R-TX, 1988 Libertarian Party candidate for President), speech in House of Representatives, United States Congress, "Are We Doomed To Be a Police State?" June 27, 2002 http://house.gov/paul/congrec/congrec2002/cr062702.htm "Licenses and permits are the exact opposite to ownership of private property." -George Gordon, Gordon's Law Hour radio news "Abolition of private property and the application of all rents of land to public purposes." -Communist Manifesto, 1st Plank "Confiscation of property of all emigrants and rebels." -Communist Manifesto, 4th Plank "Government control of Communications and Transportation." -Communist Manifesto, 6th Plank "Make yourselves sheep and the wolves will eat you." -Benjamin Franklin "I saw two officers as before, who rode up to me, with their pistols in their hands, said God damn you stop, if go an Inch further, you are a dead Man, and swore if we did not turn in to that pasture, they would blow our brains out. Major Mitchel of the 5th Regt clapd his Pistol to my head, and said he was going to ask me some questions, if I did not tell the truth, he would blow my brains out. I told him I esteemed myself a man of truth, that he had stopped me on the highway, & made me a prisoner, I knew not by what right; I would tell him the truth; I was not afraid." -Lt Col Paul Revere, owner of RevereWare, sworn affidavit: "Memorandum on Events of April 18, 1775" (declassified Top Secret), while under arrest (and subsequent escape) from Redcoat martial-law traffic police at Minute Man National Historic Park, Paul Revere Capture Site, on the eve of the American Revolutionary War and kicking off the Battle of Lexington and Concord, against the army, navy and courts of King George III, heriditary dictator of England who attempted "gun control" by an Assault Weapons Ban of defensive 50-caliber muskets and cannon, Paul Revere's Ride, by David Hackett Fischer "Man burns down city hall to beat a speeding ticket!" -Weekly World News headline, November 3, 2001, reposted by CityNewsStand.com Top Ten http://AmericanAutobahn.com http://FasterThanASpeedingTicket.net http://DealsGapDragon.com fair use per 17 USC 107