DOTO Database (Documentation Of The Oppressed) is an online portal with data on hate-crimes in India. This website was launched in 7 March 2018 at Constitution Club of India, New Delhi. The inauguration ceremonywas attended by Ram Punyani, Teesta Setalvad, Zafar ul Islam Khan, John Dayal and other social activists. Documentation of the oppressed is an independent, non-profit documentation center based in New Delhi. It is run by a network of civil society organizations, both at the national and at the grassroot level like Quill Foundation, Human Rights Watch, Amnesty International, CHRI, People's Union for Civil Liberties and others Doto Database functions both as a tracker of violence, and a site for in-depth narratives. The database mixes a crowd-sourcing model with its own investigative and editorial teams. Principles and Objectives Over the past few years, there has been a marked increase in the violence conducted against certain sections of society. This violence manifests itself in different forms; it can be through organized and institutional violence by the State or through the actions of allied groups in furtherance of their internalized biases. This existing power-structure and their actions has led to a sense of marginalization in certain sections of society. There is an urgent need to engage with democratic institutions in order to establish an institutional and social vigilance that would help the oppressed members of society. The primary objective of the DOTO Database is to create a common documentation platform for the civil society of marginalized groups. This database will document all verifiable incidents of targeted violence against specific communities as reported in English media as well as fact-finding and civil society reports. Its functions however, is not limited to merely tracking incidents of violence. It also provides a platform for in-depth narratives. With the aim of compensating for the dwindling media interest and investment on hate crimes, DOTO will increase media reportage through an amalgamation of a crowd-sourcing model along with its own investigative and editorial teams. It is an easy-to-use model and ultimately seeks to make essential information accessible to all. It will address a number of issues such as the systemic violation of fundamental rights, the erosion of constitutional values and the deployment of hate.