Yuri's Revenge is the official expansion pack for Command & Conquer: Red Alert 2. The storyline picks up right where the canonical Allied ending from Red Alert 2 left off. While the Allies concentrated on regaining territory and fighting off forces loyal to the now former Soviet Premier Romanov, the latter's advisor Yuri secretly raised an army of his own, using his immense knowledge of psionics and genetic mutation. As Yuri announces his presence and plans, a global network of devices called psychic dominators comes online in an attempt to enslave the entire world. The American president Dugan orders an air strike to destroy one of these devices on Alcatraz island, and although the attack failed, a crashed Harrier damaged the device's power supply. As all other psychic dominators go online, the Allies attempt to power a time machine to stop these events from occurring. At this point in the storyline, the player chooses to side with the Allies, or to join the Soviets and steal the time machine to also defeat Yuri, but at the same time restore the Soviet Union to power. Yuri's army does not get a singleplayer campaign, which is the first and only time in a series where a playable faction does not get singleplayer content. The Allied and Soviet campaigns have 7 singleplayer missions each (total of 14). The aforementioned Yuri's army is also the first time that a third faction is present and playable in the series, and is available in skirmish and multiplayer modes. Its technology is entirely separate from those of its rivals, and makes extensive use of mind control and various means of disabling enemy units and structures (e.g. Magnetrons can lift vehicles to their location, while Floating Discs can disable or otherwise exploit enemy structures while firing on units). Other factions also get new units and structures (particularly as the Soviets lost almost all technology related to Yuri's work), and all factions get a common late-game support power, the force shield. Tech hospitals now heal infantry automatically instead of having them enter the building, and several new tech buildings have been added - the machine shop, the secret lab, and the civilian power plant. New game modes have been added in multiplayer, and a new set of co-op missions has been made, including some for Yuri's army.