Romance in the Wilderness "Beethoven is based in Reality. Mozart in Illusion." Literaturists extol the palliative effects of Romantic Poetry for the wounded Self. As a child Wordsworth "heard" Nature speak to him in trees, water and sky; the experience sustained him (almost) throughout life: The Prelude "Thus, often in those fits of vulgar joy Which, through all seasons, on a child's pursuits Are prompt attendants, 'mid that giddy bliss Which, like a tempest, works along the blood And is forgotten; even then I felt Gleams like the flashing of a shield; the earth And common face of Nature spake to me Rememberable things; sometimes, 'tis true, By chance collisions and quaint accidents Like those ill-sorted unions, work suppos'd Of evil-minded fairies, yet not vain..." Nor profitless, if haply they impress'd Collateral objects and appearances, Albeit lifeless then, and doom'd to sleep Until maturer seasons call'd them forth.." Could these healing effects have been misconstrued and had an origin other than in a tree, cloud, river, a flower, or in all of the other "beauties" nature has to offer? While living in the Lake District of the English countryside with his sister Dorothy, William was frequently, and painfully, ill. On visits, Coleridge suffered as well from bouts of swollen "boils" about his neck. During the winter months William and his sister were exposed to severe weather exacerbated by storms. Dorothy recounts in a diary entry where she and William had to crawl home during such a storm on their hands and knees amid strong winds over an ice covered path. Why did such experiences not inspire an Ode to Frozen Fingers and the insights the numb members provided? William did write about denizens of the countryside (peddlers, etc.), but he failed to mention among his insights those inspired by the flesh flies frequently found within the boots of such individuals devouring necrotic flesh on and about their toes. Death of course did not escape his notice, only made acceptable by religious amelioration. How many plants and animals could Wordsworth identify? How familiar was he with morphogenesis and metabolism of plants and animals? Books! 'tis a dull and endless strife: Come, hear the woodland Linnet, How sweet his music! on my life There's more wisdom in it. Come forth into the light of things Let Nature be your teacher. Could William understand the Linnet? When marking a territory? Emitting a mating call? Was the Linnet saying something quite other than humans ever think or experience; of which humans must remain in ignorance? Even with his "smugness of superiority" which (he thought) placed him above the common man, Wordsworth's sources of inspiration began to fade with intellectual maturity; here, excluding the apologetic escape. Intimations of Immortality "There was a time when meadow, grove, and stream, The earth, and every common sight, To me did seem Apparelled in celestial light, The glory and the freshness of a dream. It is not now as it hath been of yore;— Turn wheresoe’er I may, By night or day, The things which I have seen I now can see no more." == == === === == == "I always find it refreshing to look over water during distressing conversation..." Dear Bard Presumably, you are a master of words; "Words" is even in your name. Of course, you have the smugness of superiority over human kind. How many of humans even know the words you use? Or read well enough? Or reflect long enough? References to nature, and its voice speaking to you (from God?). Beethoven agreed - so later in life he wrote "visceral music" experienced with the "guts" rather than the brain. Nature is often comforting, I would agree, like our mother's crooning voice and warm, soft bosom. But often it is not. Consider a very neglectful mother with a child clinging to her breast. You may choose the word, but I think "pathetic" does the job quite well. If nature is our mother we still want to retire there, our crib as we evolved our physicality and mentality, in times of stress (and imperfect memory), when our expectations have not been fulfilled. But as a visceral poet once wrote quite plainly, "You cannot go home." Thomas Wolf (1940). Evolution did not coddle us - instead, we were forced to endure the worst it had to offer as proof we were worth preserving. Your words above seem to proclaim this knowledge, but you refuse to accept since it is contrary to all else you have written. Might I suggest another cause of your decline of excitement? Novel, visual experiences cause the secretion of the excitatory, chemical neurotransmitter, dopamine by the visual centers of the brain. On repeated exposures to the same stimulus the levels of this substance gradually decline, and so does the excitement: nothing to do with the, "meadow, grove and stream." Q.E.D. (2022) Speaking of Wordsworth and Beethoven together - Computer programs have analyzed pieces of classical music and using the derived results had the computers compose original scores. An audience was told a "lost piece" from a master (Beethoven, e.g.) had been discovered. After the piece was performed the audience went into rapture. Had God spoken to the computers? When the audience was told of the trickery, they reacted violently - accusing the malefactors of "destroying art!" Jazz enthusiasts were exposed to the same experience; however, one audience was informed the piece was composed by a computer, a second audience was told it was a piece recently discovered by a revered master. In the first case, the audience reacted with silence. The second audience reacted with acclaim. The first audience was then told that they had been tricked - a master (e.g. Shorter or Golson) had written the work. The audience then said they recognized the fraudulence from the start, and the style of the master - they then went on to expound on recognized nuances of their beloved virtuoso. Obviously, they lied only to protect their the smugness of superiority of the Jazz Cult. \ Similar studies reveal that audiences cannot always distinguish poetic stanzas written by humans and computers. Jane Austen I read. What do you read? Poetry. You should include a large allowance of prose. Too much poetry may be unsafe. You have no conception of what I have lost. Yes, I have. In the 1989 film, Life Lessons writer Richard Price and director Martin Scorsese explore the origin of the artistic impulse, articulated in considerable psychological detail of the love/hate relationship between the established abstract artist, Lionel Dobie and his symbolic Siren, an aspiring artist, Paulette. In Copying Beethoven, a beautifully executed study of Anna Holtz, an aspiring composer, seeking to have her music judged by her idol, the Maestro, Beethoven; the script composed by Rivele and Wilkinson (2006). The meaning of these films must be isolated in abstractions, rather than the specifics of the characters. Paulette's body geometry evokes Dobie's inherited skills for recognizing geometric forms and their interplay. Paulette lacks such uncanny skills. Dobie on commenting on one of her creations replies, "A good irony!" The "irony" is the presentation of art, by not art at all. Anna Holtz hand copied Beethoven's original transcriptions for the Ninth Symphony Chorale, in the hope such association will transform into her confidence to compose effectively. Beethoven compares her creations to, "Farts!" Meanwhile, Beethoven had exhumed the tonal sequences from the visual effects of the Kahlenburg Forest. Paulette and Anna both remark wistfully they "work with" rather than "for" their mentors; indeed, they lack the capacity to say, "Of course!" if a fan should praise their compositions. Instead, they ask directly for approval or indirectly, with the plaintive, "Do I have any talent?" For an exquisite, near perfect analysis of the illusion and reality of the human identity see Woody Allen's, The Purple Rose of Cairo (1985). As near as one can experience the transition from illusion to reality is to walk out of a theater after viewing a plush Hollywood film of the 1930's, into a raucous Main Street on a hot, summer afternoon https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ILxo-TUkzOQ Both Paulette and Anna might have benefited from the technique of "auto-suggestion," in a state resembling self hypnosis achieved by repeating certain words or phrases. The creative abilities surge, in a manner possibly related to increased compulsion driving those abilities, or in awakening the connections with archetypal information in the brain as occurred during Nature walks practiced by Wordsworth and Beethoven. These techniques were developed by Emile Coue in the late 19th and early 20th Centuries, gaining popularity in the 1920's - 30's. For an exemplary instance of the success of auto-suggestion consider the case of Sergei Rachmaninoff (1901). Following his unsuccessful First Piano Concerto (1895), he fell into depression - all of his creativity was exhausted (or so he thought). Five years later in 1900, family members and friends recommended Dr. Nikolai Dahl, a auto-suggestion practitioner. Dahl repeatedly assured Sergei he was not exhausted, and new works were already developing. The methods worked. His creativity flourished, and he completed the Second Piano Concerto, unveiled to the world in Moscow in October of 1901. A whole series of other creations followed assuring him fame as a world class musician. Might the resolution of the enigma rest in the mathematical nature of music, poetry, graphics and prose art and the brain's basis in mathematics; as in "Clique Theory" of neuronal aggregates over multidimensional space allowing storage and manipulation of mathematical information? See - Henry Markham of the Blue Brain Project. According to 19th Century psychologists and 20th Century neurobiologists, they find evidence of inherited "impressions" of what will be experienced after birth. Carl Jung's Archetypes (as expressed in Fairy Tales and Myths are expressions of such inborn knowledge (thus, information)). Jung's "Archetypal Hypothesis" has been supported by a blizzard of publications about the creation and composition of music (and possibly other auditory creative forms). Broadly, sounds are received in the brain in the auditory complex and the cerebellum as pitch and volume; from there to the amygdala where the emotional response is created. This transport is accomplished by the cochlear nerve system to the cerebral cortex for analysis of rhythm, pitch, and other what might be referred to as "musical properties". Composition of music occurs in the cerebrum in both hemispheres, but especially in the right where "creativity" is thought to occur. In the journal Nature Reviews and Neuroscience, Peter Vuust and colleagues at Aarhus University and University College of London summarized over two hundred studies which provide substantiation for ideas initially propounded by Jung: Listening and learning of music involves the process of prediction when listening to music. The brain makes predictions about what will happen in the progess of a melody, harmony and rhythm. Whether the predictions are met or not determines the reaction to the music. Chord progressions follow rules, and violation of these rules will determine how a subject reacts to the change. In a simple example, the brain is better able to distinguish changes in the timing of low pitched piano notes than similar changes in higher pitched notes. Also, humans can adjust timing of body movements (finger tapping) to the same changes in low pitched and high pitched notes. According to modern theorists, music is a language with a grammar and syntax, whose function is to raise associated emotional states in response. Music arouses feelings and other physiological affects which can be identified and measured. This language probably existed before spoken language; and in some instances has expressions no words can match. Music seems to have more to do with the listener's inner psychological state rather than external reality. The more sensitive the composer (Beethoven, for example) is to the syntax of music and the emotions aroused by the musical tones and their sequences, the more cherished the resulting art will be. For experimental studies of the semantic, musical experience consider the work of David Gilden, PhD of the Psychology Department of the University of Texas College of Liberal Arts. The results are illuminating to say the least. For example, without a brain, does music exist at all? Or, what time interval can exist between the notes of a melody for the human brain to recognize the melody exists? And, how does “meaning” enter into the association of a melody and any related or unrelated memories - in the case of music, related emotions and “pictures” associated with these emotions? How long does the process of association continue before disintegrating when no associations are found? How is the timing of melodies and their associated memories related to the rhythm of the physical experience of “walking”? How are high and low notes, and those of certain instruments associated with creating the “space” in which music exists? Gilden and his associates have investigated these matters experimentally and have derived very elegant answers. Remarkably, the two second energy efficient rhythm of walking and musical associations is the same, two second interval. Lovely. That said, who invented this language? Concert virtuosos? Ordinary people? In a popular film, two elderly women discover a man washed up on a nearby shore after a storm. They revive him later to discover he is a concert violinist. On hearing local people play the violin and piano, he exclaims, "Schrecklich!!" Later, he abandons them and appears in an orchestra directed by a famed virtuoso of the time. Is the music enjoyed by ordinary people, "Terrible!" and the qualities of music only enjoyed by the enlightened elite? Near the end of his life Beethoven attempted to write, "Visceral Music" enjoyable with the guts rather than the brain - the Grosse Fuge, being an example. The elite walked out in disdain when the piece was originally played.. To use a visceral word, was at least a modicum of "SNOOT" involved in their reaction? At a University Dance, a student of "serious violin" observes her violin teacher playing "popular music" within his ensemble. He was heard chanting, "Go Man! Go!!" during a solo. Had he learned something? Or was he "posing"? In an informal a group casual listeners were exposed to a selection of classical violin performances. They were asked to record their response to the pieces after all were played. Could they understand the range of emotions in the language played by the violins? The pieces included, Tchaikovsky, Paganini, Mozart, Suk, Saint-Saens, Beethoven, and others. The notes provided with the collected pieces identified Mozart only as expressing a range of emotions. Paganini seemed devoted to making the music impossible to play. Beethoven's piece was described as having to wait for a virtuoso for its virtues to be recognized; namely Violin Concerto in D Major. The original audience reacted more profoundly to the violin being played upside-down. Years later its virtues were recognized when played by Joseph Joachim in an orchestra directed by Felix Mendelssohn. Was the audience convinced by this astute company, "This must be great!!" In the test an emotional reaction by the listeners was registered only in response to Mozart and Tchaikovsky. How did the language of music originate among the "Great Unwashed?" Further, Charles Dicken's prose works were acclaimed at the time they were written. People would gather at the docks waiting for ships to deliver his latest works. Their value was instantly recognizable by ordinary readers. One analyst, Adrian Gavin (1992) suggests Dickens succeeded with David Copperfield (1850) through his use of his factual autobiography combined with illusion, such that the fictional character becomes the narrator as he writes his own illusional biography as the story progresses. In recent times attempts were made to restore the Parthenon. All pieces were programmed into computers asked to fit the broken pieces together. The project failed. The modern engineers were assuming there were "right angles" in the building. There were none. The columns were assumed to be the same diameter from one end to the other. Wrong!! Then the engineers looked for blueprints. None were found but a short script recorded on another unrelated building. The project was abandoned. The "primitive engineers" (Ictinus and Callicrates and Phidias [sculptor]) in Ancient Athens 447 - 432 B.C. knew more than the Modern Elite about the pleasing aspects of beautiful architecture. Nothing need be said of "higher qualities" of art deduced from "discursive projects" to identify the range of desirable humans emotions. Who is in harmony with the range of human emotions evoked by art? "Ask, Dick. He knows." Richard Feynman - "I prefer a question with no answer to one with the wrong answer." In line with "wrong answers to questions" consider the Symposium of Plato (427-347 BC) composed approximately in 385-370 B.C., considered by experts as the best of all of his writings. As is well known, the subject is the values of Love in all its manifestations. Plato, Socrates and Aristotle were considered the originators of the whole of Western Intellectual Tradition. Plato, in particular is praised for his exploitation of "grace and precision, flexibility and power" of his native language. He was of course, a philosopher; a prominent scientist has written that Science (the source of the most reliable explanations), "needs philosophy as much as birds need ornithology." As pointedly put by Heisenberg, the utility of an answer to a question is not its beauty lighting up in the human mind, but the testable consequences. At the Symposium itself, the attendees included Apollodorus, Phaedrus, Pausinias, Socrates, Alcibiades, Aristophanes, among others. Considering the date in history, did any of these individuals know anything about the human physiology to distinguish the nature of love as Reality or Illusion? Modern physiologists have identified that humans form the longest lasting "loving relationship" with the person with whom they experience their first muscular, glandular paroxysm - the sexual orgasm. The attendant secretion of endorphins creates a sense of well being and security. If discussed at all in the Symposium, the subjective rather than the objective events alone could be mentioned, in spite of the beauty of the language. The names of Plato and Socrates awaken feelings of respect and admiration needless of sufficient cause. Distribution of charges over the atomic groups in molecules is a more measurable and objective way of explaining chemical events than by their "love life." On the natter of treble and bass notes and their interpretation, Plato gives these matters extensive treatment in the Symposium and the Republic, since he thought music had too much influence on the development of the human personality. Human history is a long deliberative process of distinguishing useful and useless ideas. Galen's "Theory of Humors" suggests the personality to be influenced by four humors; along with the "Theory of Opposites," both have the flavor of objective explanations. Disease and personality were inferred to be caused by the (im)balance of Blood, Phlegm, Yellow Bile and Black Bile. The Theory of Opposites maintains that a "balance" normally exists and could be restored using the humor of the antagonistic effect. A slight "tip of the cap" is due to Galen since there is a suggestion here of modern "quasi-static" chemical reactions, skilled at maintaining a "steady state." in the physiology. These theories were applied for at least 1,400 years due to a lack of scientific ideas with testable consequences; (reliance on observable rather than theoretical conceptions.) Often these same ideas are geometrically displayed in colorful rectangular boxes; an almost sure hint of unreliability. Nonetheless, many (if not all) scientific conceptions were invented by the Greek philosophers - are these conceptions archetypal, also? However, the application of such conceptions and the mathematical manipulation of unseen particulars (ions, molecules, cellular mechanisms and structures, chemical tests) involve quite different phenomena. Other Evidences of Archetypes Evidences of Jung’s archetypes have found their way as splendid examples into history and art. Examples of the archetypes or those who envisioned them in their creations include, Alexander, Cleopatra, T.E. Lawrence, Charles Dodgson, Joan of Arc, Vincent van Gogh, Beatrix Potter, Gustav Flaubert, H. Rider Haggard, Virginia Woolf, Ludwig van Beethoven, W.B. Yeats, to name a few. Carl Jung specifically identifies H. Rider Haggard's, "She" of the eponymous novel with reference to the Anima archetype. Further, Juanna, from The People of the Mist is exemplary as the embodiment of same archetype. “There was a grace about her movements, a purity in her face, a mystery in the wide eyes and curved smiling lips and....her changing eyes shone beneath their dark lashes, and she moved with the grace of a fawn." Solomon 7:1 - "How beautiful are your feet in sandals O prince's daughter. The curves of your thighs are like jewels, the handiwork of an artist's hands." Some have read passages like these and concluded - "The human female is the most perfect of nature's creations." Support for JUng's Archetype Hypothesis is provided by recent studies of the relationship between facial structure and a group of genes of the immune system, the MHC genes (Major Histocompatibility Complex). When selecting a mate a woman compares the structure of the face principally about the eyes and nose and their own. They prefer similarity, but not exact likeness in the facial choice. The advantage may be to avoid in breeding among those with the same MHC variants. The mix of variants provides the possibility of children with improved capacity to ward off infectious disease. Humans prefer mates with an appearance similar to their own, but not exactly the same. In spite of such acclaim, archetypal “Beauty” is an illusion manufactured by the brain based on the match with the unseen mathematical facial symmetry of Fibonacci triangles and other mathematical regularities (guiding positions of the lips and correspondence with the shape of the eyes, nose and other parts of the physiognomy). Movie stars are very close approximations of the ideal, mathematical face, and therefore, the match explains their "beauty." Beauty is an illusion in the same sense as other sensations. The "interpretation" of the mathematical regularities is “beauty:” the same the world over. Such regularity applies equally well to auditory, somatic, and gustatory senses. What process resulted in these illusions? Consider here an extension of the Bayesian Probability Constructs and the writings of Gustav Jung as a "Working Hypothesis,” of Psychological Epigenesis including three steps: First, the illusion is consciously learned from an initial experience. Second, on repeated experience the illusion is produced directly from the subconscious. Third, particularly adaptive experiences become incorporated into the genetics of a species by mutation and natural selection among other contributing factors – In short, the illusion develops from the morphogenesis of a brain capable of generating the illusions as passed from one generation to the next. This explanation is based on recent thought on Darwinian Evolution with allusions to a kind of reverse Lamarckism. The complex of archetypal impressions developed over human history provided an aid in assigning “meaning” to environmental stimuli (visual, auditory, somatic, etc.) in a complex world where interpretation was necessary for survival. Such interpretation in its simplest forms led to associations with pain (move away) or pleasure (move toward) enabled by secretions of endorphins. Thought does not distinguish the "cause" from "interpretation". Yet, meaning and cause are not synonymous; "meaning" lights up images in the human mind, without yielding underlying "causes." A "visual" might be assigned a meaning of "beautiful" but not a consequence to distinguish it from something "ugly," since the word does not include the chemical procedures by which the contrast can be dissimulated. The effective procedure seems another shortcut phenomenon, namely "belief." A most vivid depiction of the effects of the archetypal powers of music is found in Leo Tolstoy's, Kreutzer Sonata (1886); specifically with reference to a supposed love affair developing between a gentleman landowner's wife, and a concert violinist. Using an actual experience on hearing Beethoven's, Kreutzer Sonata (1803), and the attendant powerful effects Tolstoy experienced, he describes these effects in his novel, The Kreutzter Sonata. The effective dynamics include the situation and the psychological state of the listener, with special attention to what reactions to the music are desired; and the subsequent behaviors the music calls on the listener to do. Without attention to these natters Tolstoy suggests the hearing of the music could be harmful. In the novel, the landowner on hearing the music felt as though something within had spoken, regarding new possibilities he was previously unaware; the music had revealed to him suggestions regarding his reaction to the suspected love affair. In short, he was completely transformed, and he and the others appeared, "in a completely different light" of archetypal impressions. Human nature is in part a reaction to these inherited signals - visual, olfactory, and somatic. "Body language" of humans is frequently discussed in the popular press. The average person might not enjoy the reality of reactions to such signals and the limitations imposed by them on personal freedom. A snarling dog with bristling pelt and exposed fangs is interpreted as a "threat" by a child without learning. Warning and Protective Coloration in insects, electrical field communication among migrating fish (hammerhead sharks) involving directional guides in solidified lava deposits are real though subtle, and are essential to animal survival. Quite illuminating are the recently discovered and intimate relations among bumble bees and snapdragon flowers. Here, the body of the bee is electrically charge as is the flower; interactions of the fields causes the anthers to release pollen. These bees use audible signals such as the buzz of wing vibrations for the same purpose. The bees are oblivious of these signals. Colors and scents of potential foods influence the animal inclination to eat. Fruit colors (evolved in the interaction of light, oxygen and the high sugar content) of apples, for example, causes animals to feed on the red apple fruit while the now developed seeds can pass through the digestive system. The pathway to such adaptations is circuitous, and anything but purposeful. "Choice" does not enter as an explanation in many (if not all) of these examples since the nuances of the situation make choice an encumbrance. Opportunism rather than purpose is the driving force. "Beauty’’ in its simplest forms might be misinterpreted in Nature. A male turkey produces a "wasteful, extensive show of feathers" because it has a efficient metabolism and the display induces females to mate. Also, there is no suggestions in the display that chemical reactions to produce chicks are involved in any way. Also, humans entering an alien terrain might be soothed by certain sounds and images, and enter since these presentments simulate the "move toward" impulse based on archetypes. A coercive illustration of this contention is found in the case of the aquatic flatworm, Planaria. Normally this animal avoids high temperatures and irritating substances. However in variants lacking a functional molecule (TRPA1) normal avoidance behaviors fail. Here, one might suggest the worm "did not like high temperatures", etc.. Such explanations go beyond what is needed. Experiments show that the worms detect in the dangerous situations, hydrogen peroxide and other reactive substances containing oxygen. The worm's response to their presence is to mechanically change its trajectory - no thought process seems necessary at all, only metabolic interactions are effective. "Thoughts" 1. Functions of "conscious thoughts" have been located in the surface of the brain cortex. These functions are naturally evolved and preserved into the present. 2. Functions of "subconscious thoughts" are located in the deeper portions of the cortex including - the medial fore brain bundle, the ventral tegmentum area, the nucleus accumbens, and the amygdala (among a host of others regions). Conscious thoughts are familiar, although the processes producing the subjectivity are somewhat inscrutable. Subconscious thoughts defy description. Consider the well known example of chemist, August Kekule (c. 1850) and his study of the benzene ring. His mass of empirical data should have allowed him to draw the linear molecular model. He failed. Then while napping on a train trip he dreamed of serpents, rolling about holding their tails in their mouths. On awakening he thought consciously, "Of course, the molecule is a ring!!!" The subconscious in some inexplicable manner had broken through in the image of a snake!! An impression of the Anima Archetype included in, Sona of the Land of Always Night as transfigured by the gifted pulp writer, Lester Dent, reads - "She stood there, ...a fairy book figure seen through a golden autumn haze, The curves of her youthful figure were alluring, revealed by a clinging robe. Her golden hair, silken heaps of it, hung down to her waist and seemed part of her diaphanous garb. Her lips perfect, her features exquisitely chiseled..." This description is of this physical form is an initial step toward reproductive success, since abundance of hair and fine, well formed figure results from metabolic efficiency. Dent, pressured in turning out over one hundred novels in his pulp career, yet lavished in depicting the Goddess Sona in his imaginative world. Needless to point out, Tennyson, Haggard, Burroughs and Poe among many others have reached for the embodiment of the perfect, human female. Beethoven wrote, Fur Elise not for any particular admired one, but the abstraction of woman, the Anima. Sandro Botticelli painted the Birth of Venus (c. 1480). Tennyson wrote Oenone (1829). However, the poem is unclear which Aphrodite is being described; the "Celestial" or the "Common": Each of its own origin and properties. Did Eve transform from a Celestial Woman to a Common Woman in the Garden of Eden? Idalian Aphrodite Fresh as the foam, new-bathed in Paphian wells, With rosy slender fingers backward drew From her warm brows and bosom her deep hair Ambrosial, golden round her lucid throat And shoulder: from the violets her light foot Shone rosy-white, and o'er her rounded form Between the shadows of the vine-bunches Floated the glowing sunlights, as she moved. In his intriguing novel, Solaris (1972), Stanislaw Lem describes a planet endowed with a “consciousness” embodied in a “huge, mysterious ocean with capabilities far different from that of the Earth, even to the point of creating dynamic, fluid crystalline ‘quasi-organisms’." In one episode certain male members of the exploring ship crew encounter “ideal women,” perfect matches for the archetypal expectations. Is the ocean a kind of artist who creates Life Forms suitable for the planetary conditions? The women are in fact not human, but non-cellular creations composed of the medium in which the artist specialized. Compare with the mythological Aphrodite's birth from the procreative, archetypal symbolism of the sea and the snail. According to this conception they are metarepresentations. To take an additional cautious step,. the membranes with stored information on human brains might yield this subjective experience as metarepresentations in the form of holographic projections. When tonal progressions in music, and similar sounds of spoken language, and visual appearances meet these impressions, a resultant "Illusion of Subjective Pleasure or Pain Experience" develops manufactured by the brain (with dopamine, serotonin and oxytocin and other endorphins) sublimates. Again, the process is the brain function of "metarepresentation." Such reactions do not develop "ex nihilo" but are the products of extended evolutionary process. See Dedre Wilson and Cecilia Hayes (1996). Perfect expression of such pleasure is developed in a lulled infant induced by mother's crooned lullaby. The child "imitates" internally what is heard externally to the extent it is able."Poetic," "Artistic" or "Musical Genius" originating outside the brain are in this view expressions of ignorance, since the composers combine the archetypal information in original ways - or as imitations of external stimuli, with Art the result. To locate the archetypal tones sequences, Beethoven had powerful "Bayesian Semantic Activators'" for identifying the most apt archetypes. Further, Beethoven and Wordsworth were born with other evolved, genetic predispositions, among them the metabolic equivalent of compulsion driving their work. Subsequent training develops inborn propensities to a practiced level of effect not encountered in typical individuals. Further, they were genetically endowed the "Smugness of Superiority," an essential character of the creative "Outsider" manifested in the author as the only and most intimate associate of the private world of the art. Metabolic processes resulting in Sensitivity to nuanced differences of all signals is another enabling property of the artist. To appeal to an audience, musical forms and their chord changes, etc. must have the property of inevitability. Limitation: Beethoven and Wordsworth may be representative of those who in the guise of superior beings imagine themselves destined for exceptional, artistic achievements. Others (among many others, perhaps ALL) who based on childhood experiences (school, friends, mother, private study) including William Butler Yeats, Howard Lovecraft, Nobel Prize winners, etc. strive to reach the destiny predicted for them. As time passed their goals became unrealized and more modest; or they long for something more in keeping with "superiority," ending in malaise. Beethoven longed for perfection in Fur Elise, but could not achieve that culmination. The name Elise perhaps accidentally derived from Therese, scrawled on a manuscript by a hurried copier. Lovecraft dreamed of being an astronomer, a goal frustrated when he failed in studies of mathematics. So he returned to his fanciful childhood and wrote of celestial sightings, and created the Old Ones from another Universe hidden underground plotting to return to world domination. Yeats strove to understand the psychology of the humans as they experienced the denial of life goals in a Universe of contrary design. He failed, but wrote fancifully, bemoaning his failure and that of characters in his emotive poetry. Some Nobel Laureates have admitted the wish to have done "Something different."Are the necessary ideas to reach goals of understanding of the human predicament beyond reach except in the most localized, mechanical operations? Is an explorer searching for a beautiful bird to be named after himself forced to accept an Antarctic mite secured from a bag of Penguin dung. Macbeth: "Out! Out! Brief Candle..Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player that struts and frets his hour upon the stage and is heard no more. It is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.” Evidence of these artistic effects are found in the state of rapture induced by listening to Wagner's, Tannhauser (1845). The offal world fades, and a portal is unbarred to reveal another of eternal, ecstatic perfection; that one later to fade into the clatter of the common experience. The listener seems strangely abandoned as the fill of archetypal impressions recedes into antipodal void. Truth does not denigrate a subject anymore than reading Arthur Schopenhauer's pessimistic philosophy disables art - instead such readers find their creativity increased. In double blind tests subjects asked to taste Pepsi-Cola and Coca-Cola, routinely rate Pepsi with the better taste. However, Coca-Cola out sells Pepsi. Solution? When subjects hear or see Coca-Cola visions of parties, friends and good times lights up in the brain. Rather than "taste" the subjects are buying a "good time." A learned association in advertising of Coca-Cola. Similarly, the naive who do not recognize the tonal progressions of music and poetry well, rate Beethoven and Wordsworth highly (grudgingly?) since "great" lights up in the brain on hearing these tones. Romanticism in the Universe Lem, in his prodigious novel of speculative fiction, Fiasco, (1986) explores the psyches of space travelers on a prolonged interstellar journey to discover an alien race. Are they psychologically sustained by the concepts of science which in total originated in the philosophy of ancient Greece? Where would they originate on a planet with quite different form and function? In several scenes the Humans express a kind of malaise in the repetitive world of the spacecraft, especially that brought on by the seeming hopelessness of the enterprise. One of them exhibits Romantic feelings inspired by the structure of the shrubbery in the greenhouse of Eurydice (the ship), emotions remarkably similar to the expressed by Wordsworth in his, “Prelude.” How general is Romanticism among organisms? Elephants have been observed transfixed by the setting sun over the African veldt. If all natural ecosystems were replaced by technology, would a cockroach inspire poetry by creeping down the wall of a spacecraft cabin? What would be the emotive potential of a completely alien from another star system? Nietzsche (a sort of prose poet) suffered from migraine headaches, where in extended bouts he would remain abed in darkness surrounded by vomit and feces from uncontrolled retching and defecation. The excruciating, one sided throbbing of his head derived from engorged blood vessels of the scalp, suffering the victim near beyond endurance. Is this suffering the origin of the "Romantic Experience" rather than the inspiring persistence of a Yew Tree? More than likely the answer is a resounding, "Yes!" "Pain" is a fiction created by the brain merely meaning, "Something is wrong here!" But, What is wrong? is the question remaining. "Pain killers" such as acetaminophen, when taken target the pain center of the brain, and in some cases (not migraines) reduces the suffering. When a migraine is resolved naturally, a strange congruence of effects occurs. When the victim comes into the light and walks into a summer day, rather than excruciating, the experience is Euphoric!! The world is beautiful beyond comprehension!! The air smells and tastes most sweetly, enemies become potential dear friends! All everyday worries dissolve!! The ground is a cushion!! The sky, trees, and virtually all else shed their negative properties and are sources of delight!!! Of course, this magic is manufactured by the chemistry of the metabolism. But, the innocent might conclude the change was brought about by the beautifics of nature rather than palliative substances created by the metabolism in the relief of pain. During this state of BLISS the poetic is primed for a sublime creation!! But, try walking about during a migraine on a bright day, the external "beauties of nature" only exacerbate the suffering - poems are the least likely result. Walking into nature for the majority of humans is in fact leaving behind unpleasant sources of pain. Modern examples include paying bills, disagreements with loved ones, annoying minor illnesses, insecurities in job performance, and other disappointments in the fulfillment of life’s expectations. The relief one feels in nature is not caused by a tree or other of nature’s beauties, but the temporary metabolically derived “lightness of being” on leaving the woes behind. If, however during a snowstorm a tree limb should break under a mass of snow and strike one’s brow, the result is a experience of a different order, and the tree is no longer beautiful as the face is pressed into a drift. The only poetry encountered on these occasions might be a bewildered language of a uncertainty about injury as blood from the scalp streams down and over the face. Thus: Ghosts of trees upon a ruined paper ocean Useless as uncut leaves of turgid tomes unopened Eroded hillsides as mystic totems, piled limbs all broken When breezes flashed one bough of body oaken Muted lain on sterile earth to worthy bard unspoken Consider the following short poem by Richard H. Hartford (age 14) a Romanticist expressing some of the sentiments of John Keats (age 19) in his Ode to a Nighingale: To A Swallow Sweeping ever o'er the marsh With chatter shrill and yet not harsh, With ne'er a thought for anything But to catch insects on the wing, To feed the nestlings waiting near, But hid so well, you need not fear. Flitting oft where none may follow, How I envy you--0, swallow. Richard H. Hartford (1928) Ode to a Nightingale My heart aches, and a drowsy numbness pains. My sense As though of hemlock I had drunk Or emptied some dull opiate to the drains. One minute past, and Lethe-wards had sunk: 'Tis not through envy of thy happy lot, But being too happy in thine happiness,—. That thou, light-winged Dryad of the trees. John Keats (1819) A mingled form, where two strange shapes combined And two different natures, man and bull, were joined. Euripides Expressed are some of the same Sentiments of Innocence regarding the lives of two birds, the swallow and the nightingale. Did either author inquire of the actual lives of these two utterly wild creatures? So, are both merely using the birds as metaphors to express their dissatisfaction with the confinements of young adulthood, and the compensating wanderlust both birds seem to embody? If so, are wild creatures of value only as messengers from the Spirit of Nature? Not mentioned is the genetic meaning of "wandering" i.e., to avoid inbreeding with the community of relations. Incidentally, the mentioned insects are capable of flight. Why are they not envied? Or, do the authors clothe the wandering in beautiful language for the ultimate appeal, and the subject matter incidental? In fact, handling the feathers of these birds often reveals legions of swarming vermin. And a broken wing? Predators? Disease? At the end of a season more than half of the "nestlings" have met demise in the pitfalls of profligate nature. Seemingly, humans would want to escape these predicaments. Have the authors generated private "innocent mythologies" rather than acquiring knowledge of the matters at hand, dismissed so glibly? Alternate tentative conclusion - The birds do not represent the freedom RRH and JK desire. As put by Thomas Hobbes - Life is nasty, brutish and short. Wild Birds Live in Stark Terror from One Incident to the Next ** **** **** **** ** Consider the lyrics of an Appalachian Folk Song: I Wish I Were a Little Sparrow "I wish I were a little sparrow And had wings to fly so high I'd fly to my false true lover And when he'd ask I would deny." Lives of Creatures - First Hand Observation To stimulate a child's interest in factual nature the effort should begin an an early age. A most beautiful and factual introduction is embodied in the DC Heath series, Nature-By Seaside and Wayside (l936), two volumes included for special merits here, Some Animals and Their Homes, and Some Animal Neighbors, authored by Mary Geisler Phillipa and Julia McNair Wright, illustrated by H. B. Dummer and Albert Force. The original books were published much earlier, but because of the sustained interest in these books in young people over time, they were revised, enlarged, and modernized. The goals to be reached by reading these books were - Scientific meanings and appreciations. Interest a child in observing the almost unlimited variety of living things in nature. Familiarity with scientific terms. The origin and development of life on Earth. A Wealth of knowledge as a preparation for further studies. These goals were reached in many interested individuals - one in particular was interviewed for these comments, and lived near his whole life in areas of surpassing beauty and abundant life in the Mid-latitude Deciduous Forest. As a child he visited wildlife preserves studying ponds, streams, forests and the ocean; observing, cultivating and preserving the life forms he encountered. One enchanted moment in his life occurred when crouched on the shore of Paradise Brook, at the intersection for Prospect and Paradise Avenues, he witnessed dragonfly nymphs emerge from the water, creep up reed stems, and expand their wings in the warm sun of that long ago summer day. Just as he had seen and read in Some Animal Neighbors!!! According to his testimony, these books were not only a guide for the location and identification of observed creatures, but inspired him in further studies of biology for the rest of his professional life up to and including the primary, secondary and college levels as a teacher and investigator. He relates that the books contained the essence of inspiration for immersing one's self in nature in scientifically valid enterprises forming the basis of continued learning throughout life. The style of the almost mesmerizing writing and the accurate, representative and familiar drawings were a combined instructive instrument. (Comment on public schools - His seventh grade principal discouraged his reading of these books.) Their charm has not waned, and he is grateful to the authors for contributing to his, "good life, well lived." Similar volumes, with a simplicity appropriate for the child and young adult are the Observer's Book of... beginning with Book of British Birds in 1937, are small, handy and informative. However, the American youth would find difficulty in applying the included information to American flora and fauna, except when these species inhabited the environs of the eastern United States. Also, volumes such as British Grasses, Sedges and Rushes (1942), specialized knowledge of fruiting bodies of these plants is not included in the brief texts but required for definitive identification. A later volume on Mosses and Liverworts, suffers from the same short coming of relying on gross morphological appearance (aspect) only for identification. Nonetheless, they make nice additions to the bookshelf if only for decorative charm. An inquisitive youngster inspired by the the warmth of a summer day might collect specimens for study at home, using hefty volumes provided by libraries and sympathetic adults. Delightful compendia such as, Nature's Garden by Neltje Blanchan (l900, 415 pps.). published by Doubleday, Page & Company. This resplendent volume subsumes all of the 19th Century English adoration of gardens and wildlife. (Of note is Edward Rochester's interest in pond life in Currer Bell (Jane Eyre (1847)). Blanchan also authored, Bird Neighbors (l937) and Birds that Hunt and are Hunted (1898). In Nature's Garden, Neltje Blanchan provides a resplendent description of numerous species of wild plants and their interactions with insects. The descriptions are accompanied by approximately eighty full color and black and white photographs, so detailed that the depicted specimens literally appear on the page. The accompanying script describes numerous variations of of the representative types - vegetative (leaves, stems, etc.) and reproductive (pistils, stamens, corolla and caylx) anatomies of each plant are depicted in detail including English measurements. Also included is the preferred habitat, flowering season and distribution. Most remarkably, Blanchan includes description of the coevolution of insects and the plants. Most insects appear to be color blind, but the Hymenoptera, most especially bees, have a well developed optical system sensitive to not only color, but also symmetry. More modern scientific thinking is that Bees have selectively bred some flowering plants with colors and color markings and symmetries of flower part arrangements such that in entering a field they will visit the best sources of pollen and nectar first, all the way down to most meager sources later. Flies and other insects visit flowers randomly, often unable to access the food source due to the Bee selected anatomy. If only for her descriptions of the complementarity of insect and plant anatomies enabling survival in nature, the book is of inestimable value.The volume is the result of meticulous research and care so as to enable ease of identification when used. Young and older visitors to flowered terrains will find this delightful book essential in identification. Birds that Hunt and Are Hunted (1899, 359 pps.), Blanchan's second volume mentioned above contains a description of the life histories of one hundred and seventy birds of prey, game birds and water fowls. Included are forty eight colored plates - such plates including such details that the sensations of holding the birds in the hand flows across to the viewer. Descriptions include size, male and female plumage according to season, characters of young birds and range. At the outset she decries the hunting of these wild species resulting in population declines in some cases of as much as forty percent. She also asks, "How could people value wearing garments decorated with bird feathers?" Of course, predation is a natural process which materially improves the efficiency and anatomy of the prey and the predator. Indiscriminate slaughter of hunting results at best in genetic drift and extinction. A reviewer states that her work on the matter is the result of the most patient and industrious research and her resulting volume was in a class of its own. Here we have the descriptions of some of the last dinosaurs. To be more specific, a young person sits on a ridge casting his gaze over a system of other metamorphic ridges of pudding stone and shale shaped by the spreading of the Atlantic Ocean, his resulting view a small enclosed lake. At the edge of the lake, a Purple Gallinule!! An exclamation the youthful observer sublimes, but does not utter in a state of scientific perfection: "I alone have come to see you! Not to "murder to dissect," but to make us noble by complete union of your and my being to document and record of our transient existence! I will cherish our meeting, never to be repeated and include it in a volume as did my wise friend, Neltje Blanchan." Paramount here is the inclusion of the Insect Book, by Leland O. Howard, published by Doubleday, and Page (1902, 429 pps), including a popular account of bees, wasps, ants, grasshoppers. flies, and other North American insects. Included are forty eight photographic plates of the included orders, each plate with a multiplicity of insect variations of those orders. Also included are fine line drawings of anatomical details (heads, legs, etc.) of these forms not revealed in the photographs. Habits and life cycles are also described. This book is of inestimable value, perhaps to specialists, but certainly to young insect enthusiasts of minimum resources, but more than enough imagination. Imagine one of these dedicated to entomology. On endless summer mornings he rises and loads his bicycle basket with tinkered tools - a food strainer (net) fruit jars for specimens, a camera, pencil and note pads, forceps (eye brow tweezers), magnifying glass, specimen containers (tobacco cans lined with cardboard), etc. The site to be visited, a stream in a game reserve of the Audubon Society. He is completely alone except for his tools. and the Insect Book carefully protected in a box strapped to the front fender. He is completely alone in his pursuits since he was five. Not one other person he knew was interested in insects. At the selected pond he wades in the water sifting forms from the mud and weeds. They go into a bottle for transport home and a home made aquarium - a large bottle from a water cooler. With a dusty glass cutter located in the basement tool repository he tries to remove the top of the bottle. No success. Then another idea from his father. Soak a piece of string in gasoline and wrap it around the jar at the desire location. Ignite the string. The jar cracks, and with a little tapping the top comes off. Then it sits on a ladder balanced on a rabbit hutch to become the residence of - mayfly larvae, dragonfly larvae, stonefly larvae, newts, molluscs (snails, Daphnia, Cyclops, etc.) various algae, and other forms contributing to a fascinating miniature of the stream. Of course, the walls of his bedroom were lined with shirt boxes with specimens of beetles, moths, butterflies, dragonflies, etc. (one, a large specimen secured from the front radiator vent on a delivery truck by his father). And the slanted ceiling covered with hundreds of drawings of the fascinating insect forms he has observed over the many years. Trivial?? When he attended college and took entomology, he knew every form in the college's collection, while a nearby student proclaimed repeatedly, "Colorado Potato Beetle!!" Many thanks to Leland O. Howard and his Insect Book. Fictional Lives of Animals For depictions of specific events in the "nasty, brutish" lives of wild creatures see, Wild Animals I Have Known (1898) by Ernest Thompson Seton. A memorable example is that of a crow, Silver Spot (a spot between the eye and beak) who so named could be distinguished from all the other crows. Silver Spot became larger, wiser, stronger and a leader among crows. Yet even he when exposed to the almost unbearable winter cold had to hide his face to avoid freezing. Silver Spot so distinguished from other crows could become famous within the realm where he resided. Seton suggests the crow might be more interesting than people he met - he was different. Modern naturalists have observed small sparrows, huddled, dropping body temperature and shivering all the bitterly cold night. Seton observations seem reliable in this light. Yet, even Seton could not resist the compulsion to Romanticize. After describing crows, rabbits, foxes and partridges, etc. in his stories he tried to attribute motivations and feelings to these animals. Required, bare knuckle reading for those concerned with humans and domestic and wild animals under extreme conditions should be White Fang (1906) by Jack London. Here in the far north men interact with their dogs and wild wolves as food supplies and ammunition dwindle and a she-wolf and her pack, desperate for food, close in - eating a man and his dog. The resolution of the conflict among the remaining human, dog and wolves is instructive regarding life in the wild to say the least. The story is replete with births and deaths within repeated famines. Among the births is White Fang, terrorized by dogs of an Indian settlement. The animal becomes increasingly vicious under this treatment and a cruel master.. In the end, White Fang is passed to another owner who takes him to California where the animal learns to love the man and his family. Even here anthropocentric images enter the story line. In the 21st Century one cannot deny the value of using electronic devices to acquire information. None are mentioned here since they should already be well known from modern school experiences. And, books are mentioned here for their beauty and other material charms, lost in that same modern era. Also, emphasis here is on first hand experiences in the field as autodidacts - an experience lost to most primary and secondary teachers who have learned most of what they know in classrooms, studying textbooks. What of Romantic depiction of creatures living in the company of humans? The Shepherd William Blake (1789) He shall follow his sheep all the day, And his tongue will be filled with praise. For he hears the lamb's innocent call And he hears the ewe's tender reply He is watchful while they are in peace For they know when their shepherd is nigh. Well might the lambs and the ewe know the whereabouts of the shepherd. For, why is he keeping them as a caretaker, only because they are meek and beautiful creatures? Or some other dark purpose? Along a country road a cluster of sheep resides in a grassy meadow, enclosed in a makeshift fence. Each day of the season the fence is moved and the lambs have fresh fodder. A young woman shepherdess lovingly cares for the lambs as she moves the fence. One afternoon however, the lambs are loaded into a fenced in wagon to be pulled away by a conveyance. The lambs see the shepherdess and call out plaintively, "Bbbaaaa! Bbbaaa! Bbbaaa!!!" A hiker stops by and looks at the sheep. The shepherdess states, "They are my flock!!!" The hiker asks, "Are they lamb chops?" "Oh! Yes!" says the shepherdess. The lambs bleat, "Bbbaaa!" For details of the Lamb's future, see The Jungle (1906), where Upton Sinclair describes the fate of humans and animals in the Meat Packing Business in the city of Chicago in the early 20th Century. Among the most honest and less "polite" depictions of life among humans and animals are those of Beatrix Potter, based on real life experiences with live and expired creatures in the Lake District of England where she spent summer vacations. There is no dishonesty in the attempt of (the rat) Samuel Whiskers and his wife to include Tom Twitchit (a kitten) in a "Roly Poly Pudding." These most popular of children's stories have inspired generations (except the current one, raised carefully to protect the "social and emotional well being" of the overly sensitive readers). To Beatrix the characters were treated as completely real and served her to amass a fortune expended on preserving thousands of Lake District acres bequeathed to the British Government for wild life reserves. The stories are nothing short of enchanting poetry based on reality rather than illusion. For a readily available selection of thirteen of the Potter tales, see Tales of Peter Rabbit and his Friends (1984). For a current, suburban depiction of interactions among wildlife and humans, consider Idle Weeds (1986) authored by Arthur Rains Wallace and set in Appalachian Plateau. The completely honest treatment is similar to that of Beatrix Potter without the conversations and costumes. While not Romanticized, the reader will be haunted thereafter, particularly when viewing slopes along the grades of highways with the attendant Junipers and imagined but unseen small mammals (shrews and mice) secreted among them. Suburban homeowners have dug out Junipers amid the roots of larger trees resulting from seeds stored by the Mischief as food in their burrows; clutches of their young crushed under foot and unnoticed by the pillagers. Contemplation of such experiences reveals a complete disregard for the natural world resulting in average humans as the force most destructive of the biogeochemical systems supporting life on Earth. In the twilight a ten year old boy hears a plaintive chorus of screams from the direction of his rabbit enclosure. In the semidarkness he makes out a team of Rats reaching up and tearing the limbs of the baby rabbits through the mesh of the cage, devouring them and leaving bloody stumps. Some of the rabbits are already dead. The child seeks the aid of a neighbor and drives away the Rats. After enclosing the remaining babies, the door is propped closed. The dead are placed aside for later disposal. Beatrix Potter was a reliable witness - Rats will eat not only helpless kittens but helpless rabbits as well. The Roly Poly Pudding is Reality. Can Rats be described as "just another creature," or only as vicious, hateful monsters? Remember, Ribby the Cat served mouse pie (disguised) to the dog, Duchess during a visit (Duchess preferred muffins). Mrs. McGregor served Peter Rabbit's father in a pie. Domestic cats (on transforming into growling predators) eat mice raw and whole (or just their heads) after batting them around. Ode to an Orgy Great they were of beetled jaws Muzzles bristled, long fanged faces Eyes gleaming both lips and paws As with phosphorescent traces Then sounded a symphony of agony Wails and screams to revolt the senses Harmonious ascending, dying squeals Seasoned for a fiend's delight. Thrashing, gnashing as rehearsed A formless Tarantella then traversed Without distinction of form unseen A tumult of massed cuisine. (Weston H. Charlton - 18) Sensible Nonsense Charles Dodgson's honest depiction of a screaming, wriggling child is similarly depicted as a baby in the arms of the Duchess as it transforms into a squirming pig. Dodgson's writings are analytically presented in metaphorical characters, in situations of mathematical logic, leaving the reader worried by the risk of having missed a nuance rather than being horrified by complete honesty. Who was Lewis Carroll? Who are you? Where are you going? Why doesn't butter suit the works? What kind of "crumbs" were in it? Why is a raven like a writing desk? (I haven't the slightest idea.) What good are riddles without answers? (Suppose the Universe is One?) What happens when you get all the way round the table and there are no more clean settings? Where are the sides of a circular mushroom? Is it strange to transform from a chrysalis into a moth? If so, what can a child do when transposed to a world when all the familiars and supporting framework of adjustment and comprehension have dissolved? What becomes of the personal, SELF? "Incidentally, your hair needs cutting." Dream Child (1985) Mad Hatter - "What day if the month is it, Mrs Hargreaves?" Hargreaves (79 years) - "Well, I think it is the fourth." Mad Hatter - "THREE DAYS WRONG!! You are old, Mrs. Hargreaves! You should be dead! Dead! DEAD!!" “There’s no use trying,” said Alice: “one can’t believe impossible things.”. “I dare say you haven’t had much practice,” said the Queen. “When I was your age, I always did it for half-an-hour a day. Why, sometimes I’ve believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast. ”. Hairball the Cat, hid under the table of the Mad Tea Party. In the corner of the room was a bowl (usually empty), though it plainly said - Fill Me! in bold letters. Hairball had been born in a ditch on the outskirts of London, then taken to a "cathouse" (a workhouse for catts). He ate a great deal and always wanted, "More!" He was apprenticed to an exterminator, to pay for his lodgings by "purring," "kneading", and "eating MICE!" Slaterna, the willful daughter of the family, would feed him, and wait until his tail was stretched out on the floor. Then she would crush it under foot. "MEAAAACK!, cried Hairball, much to her satisfaction. One afternoon while hunting, he fell down a rabbit hole, landed at the door of the perpetual Mad Tea Party, and took up residence. The Dormouse usually filled "his" bowl at odd intervals, but with what? Since it disappeared, food seemed appropriate. How could a "filled bowl" be filled again? Once Hairball saw the Dormouse open a jar and empty out fine smelling trout. Why then? He was looking at the Dormouse. He did say, "Meow!" He did walk toward the bowl. He did then walk in circles with his tail straight up. He did once sit down and scratch an ear, his face taking on an odd expression, No one saw much of him because Hairball often vanished on such occasions (but for his whiskered lips). The cupboard door squealed and the food came out after a, "POP!" and "PLOP!" Why then? So, Hairball took up a bit of madness from the Hatter and the March Hare!!! He now fit right in. Going around in circles, itching, meowing when the Dormouse appeared. When the food didn't come out, there must have been some "clumsy," he thought. "Where did the food go?" wondered the Dormouse (he had insomnia, so didn't miss much.) "Don't say "DIDN'T!!" One day, (on a Whimsy, it was) the March Hare filled the bowl with a thick, brown liquid. Hairball turned his nose up - (a position not suitable for dining) even through the itching and dancing had been his best ever!! The Hatter exclaimed, "I told you treacle wouldn't suite the bowl." "But it was the best treacle!!" replied the March Hare. By the way, how did Alice make the postman deliver the post when she wanted it? Certain large, ground burrowing wasps, Cicada Killers. live in solitary burrows underground which they stock with eggs and food for young. In finding the nest after a hunting foray they display considerable intelligence. Move the smallest pebble near the orifice, and they are completely lost; even walking over the entrance and not recognizing it. Where did their intelligence go? Is Romantic poetry an impossible thing? "What's all the fuss?" Consider - " 'O! Oysters', said the Carpenter 'You've had a pleasant run Shall we be trotting home again?' But answer came there none -- And this was scarcely odd because They'd eaten everyone." (Except the Elder Oyster) "OFF WITH HIS HEAD!!" My life is an old B-Movie I cannot edit. Observations of Nature's Beauties Of course, one of the most common (and misunderstood) relations among humans and animals involves the "keeping" of pets - where the owner endows the "pet" with a artificial "human personality," for which is received of love equivalent to that lavished on an open car window, a couch, or a table leg and best of all the "hiss" of an opening can and a brimming food bowl - evidenced by enthusiastic leaping, cavorting and gyrating!!! Nothing more will be said about this matter except, "Dogs. Why we need them, and why they need us?" Fido is loyal. Why? Doesn't he know that some day he will be taken to the "vet" who will "Put him to sleep?" (A well known, favorite pet euphemism.) Still, he was almost certainly a "RESCUE" from Sheboygan for which the owner is endowed one additional day in Paradise. If the pet is an indifferent cat, the week's activities center around the "changing of the cat box" or the experience of one just used. A close second is a wrinkled hair floating in a morning coffee cup, or stepping on wet vomit deposited in the night. All this for a "tail wag," a "sticky lick," or a quiet "Meep..." at dinner time. Hadrian Augustus (76-138 AD) "Don't these people have children to lavish their attention on?" Horselover Fat's cat wandered off and was gone for a very long time. When it returned battered and bruised, he wondered where it has been? Then he knew. The cat was the reincarnation of his dear, departed friend, Anthony. In Poe's, The Narrative of Arthur Gordon Pym of Nantucket, Pym is trapped in the hole of the ship Ariel, ultimately without adequate food. His loving pet dog, Tiger begins to show signs of hunger and looks to his master menacingly (fatefully?). A manifestation of loyalty? Mechanics discover mouse nests under car floor mats, often photographing them. The sinuous tunnels are lined with scraps of paper, harmoniously arranged as only a mouse could admire. Little brown pellets are left on the car seat. Openings chewed in forgotten, plastic containers (ketchup, licked immaculate) decorate the space. Others reduced to tiny flakes. An owner reported the, "Odor of popcorn!" Mice had removed corn kernels from stored, holiday decorations in the garage and left them on the engine block where they popped as the owner drove to work. Shops openly display traps of paper sheets of glue for mice to get mired, and spring traps to crush their skulls when seeking the bait. Further, there are poisons when ingested cause a great thirst in mice. They go off and find water. On drinking they bleed to death internally. At the register: "How are you, Sir?" Customer: "Do you really care?" Cashier: "No. but it's good customer relations!!" Beethoven: "I like rats. They keep away cats." A biologist catalogs the biotic community of a local ecosystem. One morning, on examining his live traps he observes a small mouse - damp looking as from dew, shivering as from the cold of winter, even "pathetic" to human eyes. With a lens he examines the male mouse. At the base of the tail are the prominent testes. The lens reveals two peanut shape forms within the organs, writhing slowly. "Cuterebra fontinella." he muses. "The larvae of a large, handsome, white Bot Fly. Mice leave a trail of urine wherever they go. The fly follows this trail laying eggs as it goes, to be picked up by passing mice." He keeps the mouse in his laboratory. Sometime days later, the mouse is dead and two small, seeming inert fly pupae rest nearby. Ode to a Passing Mouse. On a tree limb the biologist observes his favorite sparrow nestlings. Today he notices two are dead. Dissection reveals another fly's maggots within the chicks' brains. Unseen, another Bot fly has laid eggs on the eyes of the creatures, and then the maggots burrowed into their skulls to consume a source of food. Momentarily he drops his scientific objectivity. "Very disagreeable," he mutters. A four lane highway. On the center line four baby opossums cling to the mangled body of their decreased mother. Cars rush by without heed. Along a street of a city's outskirts was a large marsh - in Spring it emitted a veritable symphony to rival that of any classical cmposer performed by insects, birds, frogs and toads. Did anyone hear it? On Fall, the construction of a shopping mall began and the site was smothered with fill.The following Spring complete silence reigned. Sciurry the squirrel enjoyed climbing in trees immensely - chasing his neighbor trying to bite off his "privates." On cold days he sought refuge in the chimney - giving rise to legends of "ghosts." Sciurry was last seen (his head crushed) on a road side next to an empty french fry container, and a "UV" and a "Smirnoff" nip bottle. At a garden center a customer wants to know what is causing the wilt of the twig tips of a shrub. The Garden Center "Expert" states, "It's caused by Russian Mites." After the fellow describes the intricacies of the life cycle, the owner asks, "How do I get rid of them?" The Expert muses, "They are more interesting than you are!" Visit to a physician. In the WAITING ROOM you wait along with an assortment of individuals displaying only the gifts of bodily misuse, hoping for deliverance from the consequences of Slow Death. The Illusion of the Identity fades; and then you are called in to WAIT once more. There on the walls, the yellowed diplomas....and on shelves devices intended to insert into very small body openings nobody but you and your mother have seen before. Bottles saying, "Eat ME!" or "Drink ME!" The identify you once cherished fades still more inexorably. You are now under the power of the white garbed figure who walks in and asks, "How are you?" A computer searches and a series of numbers appear - you are now a Biological Preparation. On a suburban lane a nameless, formless, but not odorless skunk - the requisite one for this local twenty-five miles of highway in Spring. Incidentally, later a homeowner disposed of the skunk in a trash barrel. Seemingly a innocent, tidy task. NOT SO!! According to the local Curator of Odors, Trash Men become immune to the most concentrated of trash fragrances - chemically including: hydrogen sulfide, dimethyl sulfide, methane thiol, trimethyl amine, ammonia acetaldehyde, cadaverine, putrescine and acetic acid. Pointedly, the trash men dumped the skunk back on the street. Why? The King of Bad Smells was added with the skunk - BUTYL SELENO-MERCAPTAN!!! Looking at the name even smells bad. If contaminated, remove smell with detergent, hydrogen peroxide, tomato juice, sunlight, ammonia and baking soda. Do not use this in your nose!! The Valiant Trash Men would have endured that TOP SMELLER if the skunk had been added by Nellie Gibbons: Their favorite was Nellie Gibbons She wrapped her bins in perfumed ribbons Never shy when slyly hinted On yearly tips she never stinted * * ** ** Uninvited Tenants of the Home: One of the most "imaginative" (and beneficent) relations among humans and wild creatures springs from the writings of Charles Dickens. A singular old man of somewhat twisted body describes his lodgings in Master Humphrey, From His Clock-Side In The Chimney-Corner, on the chance that a future friend might find his residence charming. He lives a solitary life, although he admits he considered all "mankind my kindred." But the comfort of this solitary life has an appeal he does not want to relinquish. He does admit some visitors - former residents who reveal themselves only in the echoes of their footfalls of former times. He describes the somewhat worn condition of his wooden enclosure - which he is sure not many accustomed to bright residences would admire. He concludes despite the rude, worm eaten paneling and the enclosure they form, even the collected dust they save, "Are all dear to me." He provides lodgings for two tenants - the spider and the moth. Arachne (like him, anonymous) is allowed the plying of her loom and Pseudopretella a secure, quiet place of sleep. One of his singular pleasures is imagining on a bright, summer day how many "butterflies" have emerged from a "Dark corner of these old walls.." Needless to say, NONE! Moths (suborder Frenstae) are not butterflies (suborder Rhopalocera). A question remains, how many have found such beneficent charm in the presence of other harmless "vermin" in their homes? A singular resident of many cellars (sometimes venturing up the stairs uninvited) is the Long Legged Cellar Spider (Pholcus phalangioides) of very poisonous venom but too weak talons and yet needlessly despised. Even a well known local weather forecasting system describes the threat of "Indoor and Outdoor Pests." An honest "Animal Control" agent will admit the threat of chimney resident raccoons is minimal, and "They will be gone when their young are ready to leave." Dare to say, a local entomologist stated, "No matter how marvelous the House Centipede (Scrutigera coleoptrata) any that enter my house get stepped on!" Are only Swallows (Hirundinidae) and Nightingales (Luscinia megarhynchos) admirable? Also instructive are Fairy Tales, the variations of which number twenty-five or less, including the themes of all successful story telling according to biologist Edward O. Wilson in his, Consilience (1998). For a detailed treatment of this matter see the work of Marie Louise von Franz in, The Interpretation of Fairy Tales (1996) of the C.G. Jung Foundation and Wilson's erudite volume. Reflection of Humans and Their Place in Nature Diary Entry: "The world is full of negative consequences, I see everyday; devastation caused by stupid men, full of folly. To think positive thoughts in this world of madness I spend my days walking in nature, looking for the positive, but most of these days the negative follows me as a ghost; and interrupts the peace. My dog Portia brings me her leash each morning and we go out. She lifts my spirits. She is very good at that." Wed. NTE. Mystical and mesmerizing is a Norse Myth principally associated with Ireland and Scotland - the Myth of Mermaids. The variation associated with these islands (so near to the Blarney Stone) that inhabitants seem in many cases blessed with the "Gift of Gab." Mermaids, or in these cases, "Selkes" are seals inhabiting the shore. These seals are both male and female (most often the latter.) A gift of some female Selkes is while hidden among rocks of the shoals they can cast their skins and be revealed as a beautiful, dark-haired, dark eyed woman! Irish are often mystified by children appearing with the same dark features. Most Irish are red-haired and blue eyed. So, a young fellow sees the Selke among the rocks, captures her and makes her his wife. They produce children some with the same dark features of the mother. If the Selke discovers her skin, she will don it and return to the sea. Of course, the influence of dark, native Picts is ignored to preserve the enchantment of fancy. See: The Secret of the Ron Mor Skerry, a novel by Rosalie K. Fry (1959). Also, see the inspired dramatization of this myth, The Secret of Roan Inish (1995). Seals are not the only creatures credited with such miraculous transformations. The following account is derived from John Gerard, an herbalist who became the superintendent of the gardens of Lord Burleigh, with a high opinion of him maintained by Queen Elizabeth. Based on childhood and adult experiences resulted a notable work, Gerard's Herbal, distilled by Marcus Woodward and published in 1636. On page 283 (of a 1964 reprint) appears a chronicle of the development of the "Goose Barnacle," spontaneously generated in the spume on rocks of a small island, "The Pile of Foulders" located in Lancashire just off the coast of Liverpool, England. Within the shell of the barnacle the animal consists of one portion of lacy configuration; the other, a "lump" gradually taking on the shape of a bird. When perfectly formed the shell opens and appears the lacy structure; subsequently, appear the legs, then the diminutive bird, hanging from its bill. Shortly after, on complete formation, it falls into the sea, developing feathers and growing into a bird larger than a Mallard duck.The feathers are spotted resembling those of a Magpie. This story presumably explains the origin if the Barnacle Goose. However, more likely the appearance is explained by "unseen" migration from elsewhere. Note: Fascinating and convincing these stories might be, one is cautioned to be very careful to not being "taken in." A reliable rule might be, "Be most cautious in accepting the premises of a story you very much like." What is the appeal of these stories, recorded above, including both fact and fiction? They are allegorical to the point of making sense of apparently senseless events in a world from a creator with humans' best interests in mind. During The Plague in a state of almost complete ignorance, how did humans explain what was happening to them? (Tens of millions of humans expired!) Did they consider that a volcanic eruption had caused rats to migrate northward? The cooler temperatures caused constipated fleas, who left the rats to infest humans and transmit the causative agent (Yersinia pestis)? Of course not; instead, some would stand in the village square to be beaten with a whip to repent their "sins." Louis Pasteur and his Germ Theory of Disease were not born yet. See Daniel Defoe's, A Journal of the Plague Year of 1665 for the only written account of one of the repeated plagues of Europe. Do not disturb rats with tenant fleas With such as Vulcan's insurrections; For fleas will yield their ratty trousseaus Enabling purple, lymphatic buboes Wordsworth suggested his poetic images were derived from Nature, stored in his Imagination, and then amplified with his Fancy. After this process he entwined them in poetry. This is a saving grace since such images are admitted to be fictional. All of episodes described above, both fictional and fact are childlike and exponentially tame compared to other events Romanticists must not have experienced. They will not be described here therefore, but mention is made to ensure the matters were not innocently omitted - Consider The Theory and Practice of Hell authored by Eugene Kogon. (1946,1950) for a generalized description of these practices. Romanticists would have to withdraw into a protected institution in order to write their almost droll creations after experiences in the outside world. Could they explain to Thoreau why the shelters left on Cape Cod shores for victims of shipwrecks were empty of supplies? "Do we have an agreement?" Toorop (2008) Witness to Reality - Synchronicity "(A) little snow ball actually answered a question for me. As I was walking on the beach the wind gusts were very strong coming from the dunes and it was a very cold dry wind. I saw these little tracks coming from the dunes that would stop about half way to the shore and some made it to the water. They didn't look like foot prints of a small animal. Then about half way (to the shore) I saw something move and it was then the puzzle was solved; a small snowball about the size of a small ball was rolling out of the dunes leaving a trail. I was mesmerized by it for a few moments, then took a picture. It was quite cold there, but I usually go out in all kinds of weather and Portia, my dog doesn't mind. It occupied my thoughts for the rest of the walk. One never knows what one will see." - DDH - Naturalist. A science magazine I once read had a section in the end pages where a picture would appear entitled, "Natural Moments," depicting a very short term incident miraculously captured on film. That is what you have. Might I compliment you on your beautifully written statement? Your experience and what follows, Jung would have termed a "synchronicity;" two events happening together linked by meaning, not merely timing. Just now you caused me to reflect on a Martian field, where the wind has blown a pebble or snowball across the expanse with no one to see it. You have a link with the snowball's presence so intimately your own. Maybe, that is the role of humans in the Cosmos, witnesses (dare I say, creators?) of natural moments without whom there would be nothing but the inherent metaphysics of information. - HWC A Streetcar Name "Science" Among the most intense associations with the creations of nature are those identified as scientists using their supposedly "detached" scientific methods. Theories expressed in the elegance of mathematics are sought after since the participants had, "evidence their Universe to be beautiful." Cosmologists search for life in the Universe with the admitted desire, "not to be alone." Some practitioners have revealed they "fall in love with the objects of study," including chemical reactions (light to chemical energy), microbes (Ebola virus), the subatomic structure of matter (wave/particle photons), the form and function of the Universe as a whole (Expanding or Steady State). One who studied a sea creature (Hammerhead shark) initially thought it "ugly;" yet after ten years of submersion in his studies found his initial reaction a delusion - rather, the creature was among the most beautiful formed and functioned of all nature's creations. We are melodies played by the atoms and molecules of which we are composed. (Jonathan Miller 1986) Humans own smug superiority Self applied in human adoration With rare exception ugly aberration Known to all most base inferiority. Multiplicity into Unity - Unity into Multiplicity Fusing "+" and "-" into "Zero" "Zero into "+" and "-" Inspired by a Hindu Hero. ( J.S. Freede - 1955) Flaubert and Dostoevsky (among others) develop the concept that words and syntax can only create "fiction" since the "consciousness" exists outside of material reality (or only in the realm of "possibility" within the mathematical information of which the Universe is most fundamentally composed. ) Logic and philosophy exist only within the consciousness and these ideas exert no restraints on this reality. Einstein puts the matter succinctly, "The best ideas are created wholly within the human mind without reference to observable objects." Thus, words or letters are used as symbols for unseen particulars - mass, energy, momentum and enthalpy, etc., manipulated by the rules of mathematics. Poetry only among all literary techniques marginally approaches mathematics in the manipulation of unseen particulars. The objects of Science are two fold: first the accounting for facts, and second the formulation of reliable predictions. Rather than transforming natural phenomena into expressions of the human psyche, to understand a natural phenomenon the scientist transforms his malleable Self into the object of fascination. The most simple (and perhaps misleading) description of their methods suggests they involve the asking of questions and formulating tentative answers. Then they devise situations (experiments) to seek consequences for reliable assurances in believing as they do. In fact, they need a "philosophy of science as much as birds need ornithology." Most honestly, some scientists admit they do not know, "How science is done." Nonetheless, in doing so their methods provide a basis for the illumination of nature in its manipulation of natural genomes over time in a creative process preserving information over entropy - the essence of a stable system. Foremost in the discussion and the manner of the manipulation of the genome in Nature is of course, Charles Darwin and his Theory of Natural Selection. Nature in its pointless, profligate slaughter is largely an illusion - since, to take a specific case, Great White Sharks have over the millennia contributed to the molding of seals (their chief prey) into marvelous, acrobatic swimmers by selecting natural modifications of their genome favoring such behaviors by eating those most often lacking such modifications. The remaining senseless slaughter is termed, Genetic Drift. Death is essential to the creative process. Darwin would have benefited from a knowledge of the genetic studies of Gregor Mendel of which he was not aware. Rather than evoking horror, consider Darwin's concise statement: “There is a grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers, having been originally breathed into a few forms or into one; and that, whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of gravity, from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and most wonderful have been, and are being, evolved.” Is this origin of the beauties of nature by differential survival of chance creations appealing to humans? Even Darwin? Would it account for the death of his child, Anne Elizabeth from tuberculosis at the age of 10 years? In fact, Darwin was devastated. Where was the grandeur in the death of Anne who was susceptible to disease? Chance the omnipotent creator employs Endless minute and simple divergence Conjoined as layered, recursive envoys Blank to all inquiring minds as insurgence. For a contrasting Romantic/Creationist view of the matter consider the writings of the naturalist Phillip Gosse, who suggested the Earth was composed by a creator merely to have the appearance of Evolution, when it had not evolved. His ideas did not appeal to disciples of Science or Creation. However, another noted scientist, Werner Heisenberg observes: "...One should particularly remember that the human language permits the construction of sentences which do not involve any consequences and which therefore have no content at all - in spite of the fact that these sentences produce some kind of picture in the our imagination; e.g. the statement that besides this world there exists another world with which any connection is impossible in principle, does not lead to any experimental consequences, but does produce a kind of picture in the mind." The idea that nature speaks to humans in visionary experiences is in fact one of the ideas with no consequences by which to test any possible connection with the world in which they are living. Also, many humans live in the confines of the unreachable world and cannot conceive of the one in which they are living - out of innocence, simplicity, inability to accept the character of this world since it lights up images so repugnant that the mind cannot endure them. They strive to thrive under, "An Awakened Belief in Absolute Ignorance." Natural Selection is no longer a "theory;" the conception is supported by a system of tested consequences that it is no longer "persuasive," but "coercive" and therefore, a Fact. Romantic Views of the world and their pleasant images lighting up the mind are empty illusions. Consider the following factual case illustrating the wide chasm between reality and illusion involving a young woman derived from a family the parents of which filled her head with such imaginative illusions - the most primary of which is that all natural phenomena are derived to satisfy "purposes" with humans the primary agents in the manipulation of such teleologies. Mary Shelley’s creative personality developed at home among some of the most influential personalities of the time. Her mother, Mary Wollstonecraft died shortly after the child’s birth and seemingly left her child with a feeling of guilt as being the cause of that death; and the subconscious desire to rectify matters. Her father, William Godwin, a social philosopher and activist provided an extensive informal education. The family entertained and conferred with some of the most noted philosophers, writers and scientists of the time, including the chemist, Humphrey Davy. In her biography is revealed that one of the topics Davy discussed in family groups (including Mary) was the role of human beings in the development of the Earth. One of Davy’s suggestions was that the world was left incomplete after the creation of man, his function being to participate in the ongoing further creation to satisfy the completion of the Earth for human purposes. Following this suggesion Mary wrote her famous, Frankenstein. Considering that Frankenstein or the Modern Prometheus was originally published in 1818, knowledge of metabolism and cellular “life processes” were in their infancy. Therefore, Mary was provided with the freedom to include the wildest conceptions of these matters. Wisely, Mary Shelley did not dwell on Frankenstein’s methods for restoring life to his construct. Mary was therefore derived from the Davy/Wollstonecraft/Godwin Philosophic School. Notably, during a European excursion after her marriage to Percy Shelley, Mary met a investigator whose goals (perhaps inspired by those of the legendary, Konrad Dippel) served as the inspiration for Victor Frankenstein's initial attempts to eliminate death without inclusion or the necessity of the "soul." To introduce seminal fictions on the modification of humans and animals by scientific methods, a mention of the 1896 H.G. Welles novel, The Island of Dr. Moreau, seems quite appropriate. The doctor (of course, named a "mad scientist" by the public for doing Science "run amok") attempts to study the relation among animals and humans using a combination of then known techniques including, surgery, blood transfusions, glandular extracts, vivisection, etc. The matters of Genetics were difficult to consider since the existence of genes yet had not been confirmed by a material equivalent. What were Mendel's (1866), (and other's) symbolic representations made of? Not until Avery and Macleod (l944) demonstrated genes to be composed of DNA, in experiments with mice and Pneumococcus bacteria, confirmed that of all cellular components only DNA would transform an unencapsulated bacterium to one with capsules. DNA was the genetic material. Further studies with fungi culminating in the One Gene One Enzymes Hypothesis (1941) based on the work of Beadle and Tatum with Neurospora seem to have confirmed genes as related to enzyme formation for catalysis. The structure of DNA was not worked out until the period 1951-3 by Watson and Crick among others. During the 19th Century Otto Meyerhoff and Gustav Embden were unraveling the metabolism of glucose for energy release in cell functions. Despite his limitations thus identified, Welles creates the aura surrounding Moreau's experimentation and the expectations for societal influence and reaction. Like Davy, Moreau was suggesting that the role of man on Earth might be the manipulation of the formatve processes. What if the genetics of an organism could be altered seemingly as desired? By this means Moreau's desired end could be effectively reached. Has Davy's prophecy been fulfilled? Families with the ability to design their children? Religious objections? Philosophic and ethical objections? Several suggestions have been made that in secret laboratories similar "Science run amok" experiments have already been done. Have the skills of genetic manipulation including such matters as restriction enzymes, gene transfer, orphan gene manipulation, gene suppression and activation techniques "clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats" (CRISPR technology), embryonic manipulation and cloning, memory storage, and many others not even hinted at as yet, been used to produce the miracles of the "mad" Dr. Moreau? How will be identity of humans on Earth have been altered? The ideas reported above can be summarized as follows: DNA and RNA store sequence coded information of the organism. As does an artist, oxidation/reduction chemical reactions ("metabolism") and liquid crystal dynamics create a detailed meta-representation from that sequence coded information - consisting of a colloidal, "quasi-static chemical system" of macro-molecular, communication structures, self organizing, self maintaining, achieved by energy transformations with the capture of resulting free energy driving diffusion control, material turnover by molecular catalytic synthesis and degradation, enabling growth and development of a regulated, orderly, internal environment, at the expense of increased environmental disorder. Efficient systems originated in oceanic fumaroles were favored by natural selection enabled by integrated, aggregates of these systems. Consider the classification of human metarepresentations as they interact with the environment according to Gregorc (1969): Learning Styles (Gregorc) Learning Style Characteristics Concrete Sequential Concrete world of physical senses Concrete Random Concrete world revealed through insights Abstract sequential Abstract world of the intellect Abstract random Abstract world of feelings and emotions (Note: The above is presented in briefest form. Also included should be: Ordering ability; View of time; Thinking process; Validation process; Focus of attention; Creativity; Environmental preference; Use of language; Dislikes; Strong dislikes; Fears; Negative characteristics.) See publications for these details. How might the characters described above (Wordsworth, Beethoven, etc.) fit into this scheme of personality types? Which ones are most revered? Facts: Among nature's creations, Horses are universally admired by humans. Were they created to satisfy human needs? Such a conception lights up pleasant images in the mind if a benevolent creator bent on aiding humans in survival provided the horse for that purpose. Over the past sixty million years and two million generations horses have been molded by natural selection. What does one do with the fact that nearly all of the dinosaurs were wiped out to "prepare for their creation"; and, of the total creatures who inhabited this planet, ninety-nine percent of them have been eliminated? Evoke heart warming images? The fossil record is replete with remains of the legs of horses before human existence documenting the derivation of the hoof from a foot of four toes. Many of these progenitors have been completely wiped out by climatic and other natural changes in their environments apparently since, "they satisfied no purpose." Of the thirty-six genera of horses existing in Earth history only one survives today. Ode to a Race Horse Out in the blue grass pasture The Pride of the stockyard plays With a heart that is gallant and tender He dreams of his former racing days. Now that these days have come to cease He dwells in the quiet and peace Out in the blue grass pasture Elizabeth Mattson - (1954) The following, elegant equation contains more volumes of insight and elegance than all of the illusions included above. "G" represents free energy derived from a chemical reaction(s) available to do work (resist disorder) in an organism. "H" is the total energy available from reaction(s). "T" is temperature at equilibrium, and "S" is entropy. Free energy drives the chemical reactions of life (diffusion control, macromolecular syntheses, sequence coding, energy transformations, etc.) and maintains these functional systems. The total energy is the available source. "S" represents the energy unavailable to store information for constructing and maintaining bodily systems. This thermodynamic expression is one of the great creations of Science. In the Universe the interaction between "G" and "S" leads to the conclusion that the "S" (entropy) of the Universe always increases: G°=ΔH°−TΔS° Reality is but a fabrication Formed of sensory machinations. What becomes of photonic illusions Of point and carrier wave confusions? Conclusion: The purpose of this presentation has been to draw contrasts between the Romantic and Realistic viewpoints involved in society which have played a role in forming the human identity. The prospect that the matters discussed as they are will have appreciable influence on readers, for reason stated above is dim. Even scientists, the most realistic of all lapse into Romanticism on leaving their laboratories. Why might this limitation be admitted? Carl Jung while at the Zurich Institute developed the Concept of "Archetypes" approximately twenty-five in number, with many sub-types. These archetypes are impressions stored genetically in the human subconscious as to what is to be encountered in life and how to think about such matters. They seem to rise to prominence in matters of most significance to human subjects. In spite of all training, indoctrination and education they remain of paramount importance. If subjects in a laboratory setting are convinced that the Self is an "illusion" and free will is another "illusion," once the subject leaves that setting Self and Free Will become undeniable realities once again. In fact, acceptance of free will and the existence of the Self may be essential to human survival. So, Realism exists only as an academic subject. Romanticism exists in the outside world. Realism, however, will come into play more and more in situations such as medicine and the law, especially in cases of human behavior and responsibility. Humans are judged by one set of criteria and animals and the remainder of the living world another. In medical situations euthanasia might become legal, but a ban against the slaughter of animals is unlikely. Fictional locations inhabited by fictional characters will always remain favorites among humans. The authors have used their own conceptions to paint them most attractively. On a Saturday night as a fellow stretches out with a book, a kindle, or a tv he doesn't want the real world. When a book opens or the screen lights there exists a portal to another world ready for the subject to enter. He wants places he will never see and people he will never meet involved in situations he will never experience. Even biographies are somewhat idealized to create heroes of human perfection. None of this limited by Realism. So the existence of gods, and the world as expressions of their handiwork will almost certainly persist into the future. That a tree is beautiful and a day at the shore is a sublime experience is part of the human genetic endowment. Ignorance is Bliss. One can entertain the most absurd ideas and get away with them as long as not forced on others. Romantic literary and other creations will continue ti be made and be considered, "works of genius." The above presentation was a academic project. Q.E.D. Blake (1866) "Mock on, Mock on Voltaire, Rousseau: Mock on Mock on; 'tis all in vain! You throw the sand against the wind, And the wind blows it back again. ** The Atoms of Democritus And Newton's Particles of light Are sands on the Red sea shore, Where Israel's tents do shine so bright." Albert Einstein "The Best Ideas are formed wholly within the human mind without reference to observable objects." "Your Old Buddy, Whizbang!!"