Neil Munro and Barry Morgan https://www.assortednonsense.com/inspector-nickles/ Series One 1 The Mystery Project kicks off a new series this week: The Investigations of Quentin Nickles, by John Richard Wright.  01 It's 1895, and Nickles is a new employee of the Ontario Constabulary, after a stint with Scotland Yard. This week's episode is "Murder on the CPR": Nickles has just arrived in Canada, and is on his way to take up his new appointment with the Ontario Constabulary, when a death aboard the speeding train sets his new career in motion. That's this Saturday evening on the Mystery Project at 6:30 (7:30 AT, 8:00 NT) on CBC Radio One.  02  This week on The Mystery Project, more of The Investigations of Quentin Nickles by John Richard Wright. It's 1895, and Quentin is a new employee of the Ontario Constabulary, after a stint with Scotland Yard. This week, "The Iceman": when a corpse is found frozen in a Markham pond, Nickles and reporter Daniel Wellington Follow a trail of strange clues to unearth the secrets of the victim, while trying to outwit some sinister fellow-searchers! That's this Saturday evening on the Mystery Project at 6:30 (7:30 AT, 8:00 NT) on CBC Radio One.  03 This week on The Mystery Project, more of The Investigations of Quentin Nickles, by John Richard Wright. It's 1895, and Quentin is a new employee of the Ontario Constabulary, having just relocated from Scotland Yard. This week, "The Mystery of the Seawitch." Nickles and Abby travel from Rochester to Toronto aboard a sailing ship, with fellow passengers that include Thomas A. Edison. But they didn't count on the possibility of human storms and emotional violence, both of which can be quite deadly. That's this Saturday evening on the Mystery Project at 6:30 (7:30 AT, 8:00 NT) on CBC Radio One.  04 This week on The Mystery Project, more of The Investigations of Quentin Nickles, by John Richard Wright. This week, an old school friend of Abby's tells a strange story of her husband's death, and dire threats from dark and mysterious men. That's this Saturday evening on the Mystery Project at 6:30 (7:30 AT, 8:00 NT) on CBC Radio One.  05 This week on The Mystery Project, more of The Investigations of Quentin Nickles, by John Richard Wright. This week, Deadman's Plot. A particularly vicious jailbreak from Kingston Penitentiary sends Nickles and Abby LaPierre to the Limestone City, where plot and double-cross meet to confound the authorities, and conceal another major crime. That's this Saturday evening on the Mystery Project at 6:30 (7:30 AT, 8:00 NT) on CBC Radio One.  06  This week on The Mystery Project, more of The Investigations of Quentin Nickles, by John Richard Wright. This week, Murder in the Museum. The disappearance of a Toronto archaeologist worries his wayward wife. There are clues pointing to violence in the Professor's workshop, but Nickles finds no body. And what connects the whole affair to the Knights Templar? That's this Saturday evening on the Mystery Project at 6:30 (7:30 AT, 8:00 NT) on CBC Radio One. ​ 07  This week on The Mystery Project, more of The Investigations of Quentin Nickles, by John Richard Wright. This week, "Keeper of the Castle." Sir Hedley Stanhope's ornate castle in Toronto has always been shrouded in mystery. Then the suicide of a visitor creates even more conjecture and suspicion. That's this Saturday evening on the Mystery Project at 6:30 (7:30 AT, 8:00 NT) on CBC Radio One. ​  08  This week on The Mystery Project, more of The Investigations of Quentin Nickles, by John Richard Wright. This week, "The Case of the Missing Mourner." Nickles encounters a re-captured convict in London, Ontario. The man protests his innocence. And evidence begins to emerge that Nickles may finally have caught up with the suspect he's been trailing for years. That's this Saturday evening on the Mystery Project at 6:30 (7:30 AT, 8:00 NT) on CBC Radio One.  09   This week on The Mystery Project, more of The Investigations of Quentin Nickles, by John Richard Wright. It's 1895, and Quentin is a new employee of the Ontario Constabulary, having just relocated from Scotland Yard. This week, A Family Affair. Nickels is summoned to St. Jacobs, Ontario, where a young man is dead of a gunshot wound. It may be suicide, or an accident. Abby thinks there is more to it than meets the eye, and sets out to prove it. That's this Saturday evening on the Mystery Project at 6:30 (7:30 AT, 8:00 NT) on CBC Radio One. ​ 10  This week on The Mystery Project, more of "The Investigations of Quentin Nickles," by John Richard Wright. A wealthy banker has been receiving death threats. He wants Quentin to be his bodyguard, but he'll settle or newshound Daniel Wellington. And of course disaster does strike! That's this Saturday evening on the Mystery Project at 6:30 (7:30 AT, 8:00 NT) on CBC Radio One. ​  11  This week on The Mystery Project, more of The Investigations of Quentin Nickles. This week, Overnight at the Wickenmoore Inn. Stranded by a snowstorm on their way to a trial in Lindsay, Quentin and Abby find refuge in an isolated country hostelry near Port Perry. Their hostess and family have several peculiar ideas about 'keeping a welcome'. That's this Saturday evening on the Mystery Project at 6:30 (7:30 AT, 8:00 NT) on CBC Radio One.  12  This week on The Mystery Project, more of The Investigations of Quentin Nickles, by John Richard Wright. This week, "The Red Silk Mystery." The trail that Quentin is following leads to a brothel in Toronto - an enterprise that seems to have ties to some powerful Ontario politicians! That's this Saturday evening on the Mystery Project at 6:30 (7:30 AT, 8:00 NT) on CBC Radio One.  13  This week on The Mystery Project, more of The Investigations of Quentin Nickles. This week, "The Niagara Gorge Mystery." It starts with a dispute about immigration - 1890s style - and somehow moves into the export trade, with stops along the way for blackmail, bordellos, arch-villains and murder! That's this Saturday evening on the Mystery Project at 6:30 (7:30 AT, 8:00 NT) on CBC Radio One. Series Two  14 This week on The Mystery Project, The Investigations of Quentin Nickles returns, with a batch of new adventures featuring the turn-of-the-century investigator. This week, "A Bad Case of Murder": Nickles and Daniel Wellington are returning to Ontario from Texas. It's a surprise homecoming for Abby at Christmas; but there are more surprises in store. That's this Saturday evening on the Mystery Project at 6:30 (7:30 AT, 8:00 NT) on CBC Radio One.  15  This week on The Mystery Project, more of The Investigations of Quentin Nickles: this week, "The Hogg's Hollow Mystery." Cattle rustling on the outskirts of Toronto? Well, if there's something to steal, it doesn't matter where. And while cattle are disappearing, bodies are turning up...in profusion. That's this Saturday evening on the Mystery Project at 6:30 (7:30 AT, 8:00 NT) on CBC Radio One.   1​6 ​ This week on The Mystery Project, more of The Investigations of Quentin Nickles. This week, "The Gibraltar Connection." Misplaced religious fervour can lead to unforeseen results. And fervour of another kind seems to have targeted Quentin, leading to a new kind of danger from an unexpected source. That's this Saturday evening on the Mystery Project at 6:30 (7:30 AT, 8:00 NT) on CBC Radio One. ​ 17   This week on The Mystery Project, more of The Investigations of Quentin Nickles. This week, "The Midnight Shadow": When a Robin Hood type suddenly begins foiling crimes in Toronto, the press takes Nickles and the Constabulary to task for needing a vigilante to help rid the city of crime, until this local hero bites off more than he can chew. That's this Saturday evening on the Mystery Project at 6:30 (7:30 AT, 8:00 NT) on CBC Radio One. ​ 20 episodes, the last 3 were never broadcast) Neil Monroe stars as Quentin Nickles Sarah Orenstein as Doctor Abigail La Piere Peter Mallard as Daniel Wellington Recording Engineer Wayne Richards Sound Effects Pat Wilcot Associate Producer Colleen Woods Executive Producer of the Mystery Project Bill Howell Produced and Directed by Barry Morgan Bob Boving Host Toronto origination