Norm Macdonald Live A free video podcast which was freely available until it was removed without warning. Now it's freely available here. RIP Norm. You were one of the best. I've made the rest of this shit in the description more difficult to read because no matter what kind of person you are, I don't want to make you sadder when you come here to mourn and laugh. Peace to all of you. Edit: Thank you for all your nice comments in the reviews section below. It's my pleasure to ensure that something which was freely available remains freely available. Isn't it interesting that this item has been flagged for everything from graphic sexual content to broken data? Save this to your hard drives folks, in case it disappears again. Edit 2, Feb 22nd 2019: I've noticed Norm's audience becoming ever more toxic and far-right wing recently, which seems to me to be against everything Norm would ever stand for. Just, lighten up would you all? Norm appeals to all of us and you don't get to claim him as your anti-SJW warrior. Why can't we all just enjoy Norm being funny, whether we're overly liberal & politically correct or whether we're overly racist & bigoted? Surely there's a middle ground here, where we can all agree that Norm is just about the funniest person alive. You may notice the comments turning nasty now. That's just a reflection of the toxicity I mentioned. Norm is for everyone, so WOMAN UP hahaha Edit 3, June 7th 2019 Best comments: (they say it better than I could/did) "As for the political comments, shut up commenters. Please. I’m very liberal and I love Norm. My girlfriend is conservative and she loves Norm. My parents are pretty centrist and they love Norm. I’m 33 and I’ve loved Norm since I was 12. Don’t ruin his good name by being partisan hacks. What the H is wrong with you jerks?!" "i feel like far left people see norm as far left, and far right people see him as far right. what is actually happening is the viewer's own political bias is projected onto norm." The division we're seeing in this comment section proves that Norm is on neither "side". He is for everyone, and neither "side" can use him to prove their worldview. He's just a top class comedian. There's no need to be nasty to each other or to me. But hey - I got a lot of laughs reading the over-the-top vitriol from the people I triggered, so you do you I guess? Edit: September 2021 Following Norm's death, I've blanked out all this stuff. The dissent was fun before, because I guess I'm a bit of a troll like the far-right, eh? But it's not fun to make people angry when they came here to mourn Norm's passing. AND, some commenters are right - the way I worded certain things made my thoughts come across poorly. Anyone who isn't willing to give the benefit of the doubt could latch onto some of the stuff I wrote and use it to fuel their argument. But I'm done with all that, at least for now. This is by far the item with the most comments in the archive. I find that fascinating. But can we all just stop arguing? I know that's rich coming from the guy who started the argument. At the time I was just disappointed about how a certain Norm compilation youtube channel seems to have a particular political agenda, and was using Norm's humour to further it. But the point is - let's stop fighting, at least for now. It's much nicer to see eulogies here than arguments.