Please subscribe to - www.youtube.com/0nly1truth Type "Alzuridin" in the Archive search bar above to watch/listen/download more free Islamic files. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Biography: Ahmed Hoosen Deedat (Arabic: احمد حسين ديدات‎ July 1918 – 8 August 2005) was a South African writer and public speaker of Indian descent. He was reverently known and called 'UNCLE' by those who hold him in high esteem and admiration. He was best known as a Muslim Da'ee (caller to Islaam) who held numerous inter-religious public debates with evangelical Christians, as well as video lectures, most of which centred around Islaam, Christianity and the Bible. He also established the IPCI, an international Islamic missionary organisation, and wrote several booklets on Islaam and Christianity which were widely distributed by the organisation. He was awarded the prestigious King Faisal International Prize in 1986 for his 50 years of Da'wah work. One focus of his work was providing Muslims with theological tools for defending themselves against active proselytising by Christian missionaries. He used English to get his message across to Muslims and non-Muslims in the western world. Early Years 1918–1942 Deedat was born in the town of Tadkeshwar, Surat, Bombay Presidency, British India in 1918. His father had emigrated to South Africa shortly after the birth of Ahmed Deedat. At the age of 9, Deedat left India to join his father in what is now known as Kwazulu-Natal. His mother died only a few months after his departure. Arriving in South Africa, Deedat applied himself with diligence to his studies, overcoming the language barrier and excelling in school, even getting promoted until he completed standard 6. However, due to financial circumstances, he had to quit school and start working by the time he was the age of 16. In 1936, while working as a furniture salesman, he met a group of missionaries at a Christian seminary on the Natal South Coast who, during their efforts to convert people of Muslim faith, often accused Prophet Muhammad (Sallallaahu 'alayhi wa Sallam) of having "used the sword" to bring people to Islaam. Such accusations offended Deedat and created his interest in comparative religion. Deedat took a more active interest in religious debate after he came across a book entitled "Izhar ul-Huqq" (Truth Revealed), written by Rahmatullah Kairanawi, while Deedat was rummaging for reading material in his employer's basement. This book chronicled the efforts of Christian missionaries in India a century earlier. The book had a profound effect on Deedat, who bought a Bible and held debates and discussions with trainee missionaries, whose questions he had previously been unable to answer. He started attending Islamic study classes held by a local Muslim revert (convert) named Mr. Fairfax. Seeing the popularity of the classes, Mr. Fairfax offered to teach an extra session on the Bible and how to preach to Christians about Islaam. Deedat and a few others were delighted at the opportunity. Shortly thereafter, Fairfax had to pull out and Deedat, by this point quite knowledgeable about the Bible, took over teaching the class, which he did for three years. He later credited this experience for expanding his horizons significantly towards Da'wah work. Early missionary work 1942–1956 Deedat's first lecture, entitled "Muhammad: Messenger of Peace", was delivered in 1942 to an audience of fifteen people at a Durban cinema named Avalon Cinema. Over time Deedat's popularity as a public speaker grew in Durban, to the point that he was invited to speak in other cities in South Africa. A decade later he was filling City halls with audiences numbering in the thousands in cities such as Johannesburg and Cape Town. A major vehicle of Deedat's early Da'wah activity was the 'Guided Tours' of the Jumma Masjid (Mosque) in Durban. The vast ornamental Jumma Masjid was a landmark site in the tourist-friendly city of Durban. A program of luncheons, speeches and free hand-outs was created to give an increasingly large number of international tourists what was often their first look at Islaam. Deedat himself was one of the guides, hosting tourists and giving introductions to Islaam and its relationship with Christianity. IPCI and as-Salaam 1956–1986 By 1956, after frequent public speaking engagements and the popular guided tours of the Jumma Masjid, enquiries about Islaam from the general public in South Africa were increasing. Deedat realised that working from the Masjid office was inadequate for handling the demand for literature and the number of people with an interest in Islaam. Among Deedat's close friends were Goolam Hoosein Vanker and Taahir Rasool, whom many refer to as 'the unsung heroes of Deedat's career'. In 1957, these three men founded the Islamic Propagation Centre International (IPCI) - the largest Islamic Da'wah Organization in the world with the aim of printing a variety of books on Islaam and offering classes to new Muslims reverts. In 1958, Deedat established an Islamic seminary called As-Salaam Educational Institute on a donated 75-acre (300,000 m2) piece of land located in Braemar in the south of Natal province. The experiment was not a success, however, because of the IPC’s lack of manpower and paucity of funds, and was taken over by the Muslim Youth Movement in 1973. Deedat then returned to Durban and expanded the IPC’s activities. Deedat engaged in a broader range of activities over the next three decades. He conducted classes on Biblical theology and conducted numerous lectures. Da`wah (inviting people towards Islaam) became the dominant factor of his life, with audiences at his lectures often reaching in excess of forty thousand. He also wrote many booklets, distributing millions of copies of these and other free literature across the world. International efforts 1985–1995 By the early 1980s Ahmed Deedat's work was beginning to be known outside his native South Africa. In 1985, for instance, he twice rented the prestigious Royal Albert Hall in London to debate with Christian contemporaries in front of a packed audience. His international profile grew in 1986, when he received the King Faisal Award for his services to Islaam in the field of Da'wah (Islamic missionary activity). As a result, at age of 66, Deedat began a decade of international speaking tours around the world. His tours included: • Saudi Arabia and Egypt (on several occasions) • United Kingdom (on several occasions between 1985 and 1988, as well as Switzerland in 1987) • Pakistan, where Deedat met Zia al-Haq • UAE and Maldives Islands (Nov–Dec 1987), where Deedat was honoured by President Gayhoom • The US (late 1986 featuring debates with Swaggart, Robert Douglas and several lectures including two in Arizona) • Sweden and Denmark (late 1991, featuring three debates) • US and Canada (1994, tour featuring debates in Canada and lectures in Chicago) • Australia (his last tour in early 1996, just before his stroke) Debates Deedat's first well-known debate took place in August 1981, when he debated well-known Christian preacher Josh McDowell in Durban, South Africa. Many of his debates have later been broadcast online on Youtube, among other sites. Debates with Anis Shorrosh Deedat's disagreements with Palestinian-American Christian missionary Anis Shorrosh first came to public attention when Shorrosh appeared among the audience during the questions and answers sessions on two separate occasions during Deedat's summer 1985 tour of the UK (where he debated Floyd E. Clark in what is now considered another one of his early international works). Deedat and Shorrosh later held two highly contentious debates. The first, entitled Is Jesus God? took place in December 1985 at the Royal Albert Hall in London. The second debate was organised with much fanfare and held in Birmingham, UK on 7 August 1988, entitled The Qur'an or the Bible: Which is God's Word. This debate lasted four hours, including the questions and answers session. Debate with Jimmy Swaggart Deedat's best-known moment came when he debated with televangelist Jimmy Swaggart at a time when Swaggart was one of the leading faces of Evangelical Christianity. Entitled Is The Bible the Word of God?, the debate occurred in Swaggart's hometown of Baton Rouge, Louisiana, in November 1986 at Louisiana State University, where it was attended by about 8,000 people. Other notable debates In October and November 1991 Deedat toured Scandinavia, where he held three debates and several speeches. Two of these debates were held on successive nights against Pastor Stanley Sjöberg in Stockholm, Sweden. The first of these was entitled Is the Bible the True Word of God? and the second debate was Is Jesus God? Deedat then travelled to Denmark, where he held a debate with Pastor Eric Bock in Copenhagen, entitled Is Jesus God? Deedat and the Pope Deedat challenged John Paul II in 1984 to a public debate in the Vatican Square, but the Pope did not accept. When the Pope's staff stopped answering, Deedat distributed a pamphlet in January 1985 headlined His Holiness Plays Hide and Seek With Muslims. Writings and speeches He has published more than 20 books and distributed millions of copies of FREE literature and pamphlets the world over. Many of Sheikh Deedat's publications have been translated into the many different languages of the world: Russian, Urdu, Arabic, Bengali, Bangladeshi, French, Amharic, Chinese, Japanese, Mayalam, Indonesian, Zulu , Afrikaans, Dutch, Norwegian amongst others. Most of Deedat's numerous lectures, as well as most of his debates in fact, focus on and around the following themes. Often the same theme has several video lectures to its credit, having been delivered at different times and different places. • Is the Bible God's Word? • What The Bible Says About Muhammad ﷺ • Crucifixion or Cruci-Fiction? (plus several smaller spin-off titles on specific aspects of Crucifixion) • Muhammad ﷺ: The Natural Successor to Christ • Christ in Islam • Muhammad ﷺ The Greatest • Al-Qur'an the Miracle of Miracles Capitalizing on his popularity in the Middle East following his receipt of the King Faisal Award, Deedat secured a grant to print a collated volume of four of his popular booklets. 10,000 copies of this book titled The Choice: Islam and Christianity were initially printed on April 1993; this book was very popular in the 1990s, available for free at many missionary outlets across North America. Subsequently, several printing houses offered to print more, and within two years another 250,000 copies had been printed in several print runs across the Middle East. Later, a second paperback volume entitled The Choice: Volume Two containing six more of Deedat's booklets was published. Deedat also widely promoted a South African printing of The Holy Qur'an translation by Abdullah Yusuf Ali with commentary and detailed index. This was widely sold at subsidised cost to the general public, and is often mentioned in Deedat's speeches. So fearless was his stand in defending the Haqq (truth) that Sheikh Deedat was refused entry into France and Nigeria on the pretext that 'he would cause a civil unrest'. Sheikh Deedat also received a personal phone call at the IPCI from former President Nelson Mandela who was in Saudi Arabia at the time, congratulating Deedat for his international icon status in the Muslim World. He was awarded the prestigious King Faisal Award in 1986 for his sterling services to Islaam in the field of Propagation. This was the first time that this prestigious award has been awarded to a South African. The recipient of this award was a man totally dedicated to his faith and its propagation and who was not afraid to challenge any one to a debate to settle once and for all the matter, who has the good news right? The award came after a lifetime of struggle to propagate Islaam and to defend Islaam against the onslaught of the missionaries. Finally, he was given recognition by the international Muslim community that he deserved and focused more sharply the attention of the Muslim world on the most important aspect of his work, the challenge to propagate Islaam. This was his lifelong ambition to focus the Muslim world's attention and resources on the propagation of Islaam, and at last he succeeded. What a moment of jubilation, achievement and personal gratification for Sheikh Deedat the award was, a turning point in his life. Sheikh Deedat did not have much formal schooling, but he was self-taught through experience and a penchant for reading, debating, discussion, and a profound sense of commitment to a mission and goal. He was driven and goal oriented. He was focused and never let up until the job was done. He was sharp, perceptive, forthright, fiery, and daring in his challenge of those whom he debated, particularly against those who equal his missionary zeal and sense of audacity. Formal schooling did not destroy his creative prowess, his tenacity, ambition, drive, and sheer daring to swim upstream. Sheikh Deedat was more a scholar of the Bible than the Qur'an, and was more familiar and adroit with its teachings. He had an insight and perspective of the Bible which made many Christians he came into contact with rethink and re-examine their faith, particularly those aspects of the Bible and the Qur'an that deal with the divine mission and life of Prophet 'Eesa (Jesus - 'alayhis-Salaam). Illness and death 1996–2005 On 3 May 1996, Ahmed Deedat suffered a stroke which left him paralysed from the neck down because of a cerebral vascular accident affecting the brain stem, leaving him unable to speak or swallow. He was flown to King Faisal Specialist Hospital in Riyadh, where he was reported to be fully alert. He learned to communicate through a series of eye-movements via a chart whereby he would form words and sentences by acknowledging letters read to him. He spent the last nine years of his life in a bed in his home in South Africa, looked after by his wife, Hawa Deedat, encouraging people to engage in Da'wah (Islaam propagation). He received hundreds of letters of support from around the world, and local and international visitors continued to visit him and thank him for his work. On 8 August 2005, Ahmed Deedat died at his home on Trevennen Road in Verulam in the province of KwaZulu-Natal. He is buried at the Verulam cemetery. Hawa Deedat died on Monday 28 August 2006 at the age of 85, one year after her husband, at Deedat’s home. We will be forever indebted to our beloved 'Uncle' for the knowledge he imparted to us, and the courage he gave us Inshaa Allaah! Related Websites: www.Ahmed-Deedat.co.za Facebook.com/IPCI786 Twitter.com/Ahmed_Deedat Sheikh Ahmed Deedat's Books - https://archive.org/details/Shk_Ahmed_Deedats_Books May Allaah (Subhaanahu wa ta 'Ala) bestow Mercy upon Sheikh Ahmed Deedat and Bless his efforts done in His Noble Cause in order to make His Word & Deen Superior above all others. May Allaah ('Azza wa Jal) Accept his efforts, Guide countless of people to the Religion of Truth - Al-Islaam through them, and Forgive him for any shortcomings & inconsistencies with the Qur'aan & the Sunnah that he may have made throughout the years as he is only human and not infallible. May Allaah (Jalla Jalaalahu) Multiply all his sincere deeds by resonating the benefit of his works to later generations and Cause his legacy to continuously act as a guide to non-Muslims as well as a tool for Muslims to gain beneficial knowledge until Yawmul-Qiyaamah and Cause it all to be a means of Sadaqah-Jaariyah & Pleasure for him in the Barzakh, and ultimately Grant him & his family Jannatul-Firdaws! Ameen! : ) ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- {Say (O Muhammad ﷺ): "Truth has (now) arrived, and Falsehood perished: for Falsehood is (by its nature) bound to perish."} (al-Qur'aan; 17.81) {Say (O Muhammad ﷺ): "I am only a man like you. It has been revealed to me that your ilah (God) is One ilah (God - i.e. Allaah). So whoever hopes for the Meeting with his Lord, let him work righteousness and associate none as a partner in the worship of his Lord."} (al-Qur'aan; 18.110) {Say (O Muhammad ﷺ): "If any men go astray, (Allaah) Most Gracious extends (the rope) to them, until, when they see the warning of Allaah (being fulfilled) - either in punishment or in (the approach of) the Hour,- they will at length realise who is worst in position, and (who is) weakest in forces!} (al-Qur'aan; 19.75) The last & final Prophet Muhammad (ﷺ) said; "If anyone testifies that None has the right to be worshipped but Allaah alone (One God) Who has no partners, and that Muhammad is His Slave and His Apostle, and that Jesus is Allaah's Slave and His Apostle and His Word which He bestowed on Mary and a Spirit created by Him, and that Jannah (Paradise) is true, and that Jahannam (Hell) is true, Allaah will admit him into Paradise with the deeds which he had done even if those deeds were few." (Saheeh al-Bukhari) {Say, (O Muhammad ﷺ): "This is my way, I call to Allaah (i.e. to the testification that none has the right to be worshipped except God, alone, with no partner) upon certain knowledge - I, and those who follow me. I declare Allaah free and far removed from all that they associate as partners with Him, and I am free of those who worship anything else along with Him."} (al-Qur'aan; 12.108) ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ************************************ ~ THERE CAN ONLY BE ONE TRUTH! ~ ************************************ ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Conveying the Truth to the entire world with the Niyah of a swift Da'wah & global Islamic awakening bi-idhnillaahi ta 'Ala. The Message of Allaah (Subhaanahu wa ta 'Ala) has no copyright and Allaah ('Azza wa Jal) is indeed Ar-Razzaaq. Therefore, make multitudinous copies and distribute freely. JazakumAllaahu-Khairan wa BarakAllaahu-Feekum Inshaa-Allaah! : ) ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Please type: "ALZURIDIN" in the Archive search bar above for many more beneficial Islamic files. Tags: 0 1 1st 2nd 3 3rd 4th 5 5th 6 6th 666 7 7th 8th 9 9th 10 10th 11 11th 13th 19 24 25th 33 50 72 99 100 Aadam Aakhira Aakhirah Aaron ABC Abolish Abolishment Abraham Abrahamic Abridged Abrogate Abrogation Accountability Acts AD Adab Adam Adhan Adi Adl Adn Adnan Advent Afterlife Afternoon Again Aggelos Agony Agnostic Agnosticism AH Ahad Ahmad Ahmadiyya Ahmed Ajr Akhira Akhirah Alcohol Alcoholic Aleister Alevi Al-Jazeera Allaah Allah Almighty Alone Alpha Al-Yasa America Anarchist Anbiyah Ancient Andrew Andrews Angel Angels Anglican Animism Annunciation Anti-Christ Announce Announcement Aphrodite Apocalypse Apocrypha Apollo Apostasy Apostate Apostle Apple Aqeedah Aqsa Arab Arabia Arabian Arabic Arrogance Aramaic Archbishop Archive Ares Arguments Ark Arrivals Art Artemis Article Artefacts AS Ascend Ascended Ascension Asceticism Asr Astray Atheism Atheist Athena Atone Atonement Authentic Awakening Aware Awareness Ayaat Ayah Ayat Ayoob Ayub Ayyoob Ayyub Azan Aztec Babil Babylon Babylonian Bad Bait Balance Bani Banee Baptism Baptist Baptize Barakah Barzakh BBC BC BCE Be Beads Bear Beard Bearer Beast Beautiful Beauty Beget Begotten Behold Beholder Beit Belief Believer Bell Bells Benjamin Benyamin Best Bethlehem Bhagavad-Gita Bible Billion Bin Biography Birth Birthday Bishop Blaspheme Blasphemy Bless Blessed Blessing Blind Bliss Blood Blunt BNP Board Bollywood Bondage Book Books Born Bow Bowing Box Brainwash Brainwashed Brainwashing Bread Bride Brotherhood Buddha Buddhism Buddhist Bukhari Burial Buried Calendar Calf Calvary Camel Canaan Canaanite Cardinal Carpenter Case Casket Cathedral Catholic Cauldron Cause Cave CE Celebrate Celebration Cemetery Ceremonial Ceremony Chain Chaldean Chamber Change Channel Chant Chanting Chapter Charity Charles Chaste Chastisement Chastity Children Chrisi Christ Christian Christianity Christmas Christos Choir Chorus Chronicles Church Cinema Circumcise Circumcision Clause Clear Clergy CNBC CNN Cocaine Coffin Collection College Colossians Comforter Commandment Commandments Commonalities Communion Communism Communist Comparative Compilation Concordance Confess Confession Conquest Conscience Conscious Consciousness Companion Comparative Compelling Confession Confucianism Congregation Contents Contradictions Conversion Convert Converted Convey Conveyed Conveying Convincing Corinthians Corner Corpus Council Court Courtyard Covenant Crack Cradle Cremation Creation Creationism Creator Creature Creatures Creed Crescent Cross Crow Crowd Crowley Cruci-Fiction Crucifiction Crucifix Crucifixion Crucify Crusade Crusaders Crusades Cult Cup Cure Cured Curing Custom Cut Daily Dajjaal Dajjal Daleel Daniel Dark Darkness Darwin Darwinism Dates David Da'wa Da'wah Dawah Dawn Dawood Day Days Deadly Death Debate Debates December Deception Declare Deedat Deeds Deen Degree Deify Deism Deity Deliver Demon Demonic Denomination Desert Despair Destiny Determination Deuteronomy Devil Devotion Dhikr Dhuhr Dhul-Kifl Die Died Diploma Disciple Disciples Discover Discovery Dispute Divine Divinity Divorce Djinn Doctor Doctrine Dome Dominion Donate Donation Donkey Doomsday Doubt Dr Dragon Dream Dreams Drugs Duhr Du'a Du'aa Dua Duaa Dunya Dust Duty Earth Eemaan East Easter Eden Education Educational Eesa Eesaa Effort Egypt Egyptian Eid Element Eleventh Eli Elias Elijah Elisha Eman Emmanuel Empire Enlightenment Enoch Ephesians Epiphany Epistle Estes Eternal Eternity Evangelical Evangelist Evans Eve Evening Evidence Evil Evolution Exhume Exhumed Exodus Exorcism Exorcist Express Expression Extravagance Eye Ezekiel Fable Fact Fajr Fairy Faith Faithless False Falsehood Family Fantasy Fard Farewell Fascism Fascist Fastest Fasting Fatawa Fate Father Fatwa Fear Fearing Feast Festival Fifth Film Films Findings Fire First Fiqh Fir'awn Firawn Fitna Fitnah Forbidden Forgive Forgiveness Forgiving Form Foundations Free Freedom Freemason Freemasonry Fundamentals Funeral Furqaan Furqan Gabriel Gain Galatians Garden Gate Gates Gathering Gay GCSE Genealogy Generosity Genesis Gentile Gentiles George Georges Ghost Glad Glory Glossary Gluttony God Goddess Godly Gods Gog Golden Golgotha Goliath Good Goodly Gospel Grace Granth Grave Graveyard Greed Greek Green Groom Ground Group Growing Guidance Guide Guiding Guilty Guru Hadeeth Hadith Hades Hagar Hagarism Hager Hagerism Hajj Halloween Halo Haman Hang Hanged Hanging Hanukah Happiness Haroon Haroot Harun Harut Hasan Hasanat Hasanah Haunted Hawa Heal Healed Healing Heathen Heaven Heavens Hebrew Hebrews Hell Hellfire Help Helper Helpers Hephaestus Her Hera Heraclius Hereafter Heresy Hermes Heroine Hestia Hidaya Hidayah Hidden Hijab Hijaab Him Hindi Hindu Hinduism Historic Historical History Hither Hollywood Holy Honor Honour Horror Horus Hud Huda Human Humankind Humble Humility Hurst Hussein Ibaada Ibaadah Ibaadat Ibada Ibadah Ibadat Iblees Iblis Ibn Ibraheem Ibrahim Idol Idolatry Idolize Idolise Idols Idrees Idris Ifreet Ifrit Ikhlas Illuminaati Illuminati Ilm Ilyas Imam Imaam Iman Imran Incest Index Indoctrinate Indoctrination Infidel Infidelity Injeel Injil Innocent Inspire Inspiration Integrity Interpretation Interpretations Intro Introduce Introducing Introduction Investigate Investigation Invocation Invoke Iqra Iqraa Iraq Isa Isaa Isaac Isaiah Isha Ishaq Ishmael Ishmaelite Isis Islam Islaam Ismail Isnad Israaeel Israail Israeel Israel Israelite Israfeel Israfil ITV Jacob Jah Jahannam Jaloot Jalut James Jannah Jedi Jehovah Jehovah's Jeremiah Jerusalem Jesus Jethro Jew Jewish Jibreel Jibril Jihad Jihaad Jinn Job John Johns Jonah Jooj Joseph Joshua Judah Judaism Jude Judge Judgement Judges Judgment Judi Juj Karma Keeper Keepers Khair Khalid Khomeini Khushoo Khushu Khutba Khutbah Kindness King Kings Kingdom Kitaab Kitab KJV Kneel Kneeling Knelt Knight Knights Knowledge Koran Kursi Lail Lama Lamb Lament Lamentations Last Latin Law Lawful Layl Learn Learned Learning Lecture Lecturer Left Legend Legendary Legends Lema Lent Leper Lepers Levi Leviticus Liberate Liberation Life Light Limbo List Lo Lodge Logic Logical Lord Loss Lost Lot Love Lover Lovers Loveth Lucifer Luciferianism Luke Lust Lut Lutheran Luxurious Luxury LWT Mad'hab Madinah Magazines Maghrib Magic Magical Magician Magog Mahabharata Mahdi Ma'jooj Ma'juj Majooj Majuj Maker Making Makkah Mala'ika Man Manhaj Manifest Manifestation Mankind Manuscript Mariam Marijuana Mark Maroot Marriage Married Marut Mary Maryam Masjed Masjid Mason Masonic Masonry Mass Masses Master Masters Masterpiece Mathew Mathews Matrimonial Matrimony Matta Meaning Mecca Media Medicine Medina Meditate Meditation Merciful Mercy Merry Message Messenger Messiah Messih Memorized Method Methodist Michael Michaels Mikaa'eel Mikaa'il Mika'eel Mikail Million Minaret Miracle Miracles Miraculous Miriam Misbeliever Mislead Misleading Missionary Mistletoe Moat Modest Modesty Mohammed Monastery Money Monk Monotheism Monotheist Moon Moosa Moral Morality Mormon Morning Moses Mosque Mother Motivation Mount Movement Movie Movies Muhammad Muhammadim Mulk Mu'min Mummy Munkar Musa Museum Mus'haf Muslim Mystery Mystic Mystical Myth Mythology Nabi Naik Nailed Nakeer Nakir Naqshbandi Narrate Narrated Narrating Narrator Narrators Naseeha Nation Nations Nature Nazareth Nazi Nemesis Neo New News Newspapers NF Nicaea Night Nightmare Nile Noah Noble Nobility Nonbeliever Nooh Noon Nuh Numbers Nun Nur O Obedience Obligation Oblivion Oktar Old Olympians Omega One Oneness Opium Ordain Ordained Ordainment Order Original Orphan Orphanage Orthodox Osiris Ouija Pagan Paganism Pain Palestine Palm Pandora Pantheist Pantheism Paper Paradise Passion Passionate Passover Path Patience Patriarch Patrick Patricks Patron Paul Pauls P.B.U.H. PBUH PBUT Peace Pentateuch Pentecost Perish Perished Perseverance Persia Persian Persistence Peter Pharaoh Pharisee Pharisees PHD Philemon Philip Philips Philippians Piety Pig Pious Pilgrim Pilgrimage Pillar Pillars Plan Planners Pleasure Plot Plotted Poetry Polytheism Polytheist Pope Pork Poseidon Possessed Possession Potent Practice Practices Praise Praised Praising Pray Prayer Preach Preacher Preordain Preordained Preordainment Prescribed Pride Priest Priesthood Private Procession Proclaim Procrastinate Procrastination Profane Profess Professor Progressive Prohibit Prohibited Prohibition Project Promised Proof Prophet Prophets Prophethood Prostrate Prostration Protestant Proverbs Psalms Public Publicity Punish Punishment Punk Purity Purpose Pyramid Pyramids Qadr Qareen Qari Qiyaam Qiyaamah Qiyaamul Qiyam Qiyamah Qiyamul Qudsi Qur'an Quran RA Rabbi Racism Radio Raise Raised Rakah Ramadaan Ramadan Ramadhaan Ramadhan Ramayana Ramzan Rasool Rasoul Rasta Rastafari Rastafarian Rasul R.E. Read Reading Reality Rebecca Recital Recite Reciter Recitation Reckoning Redemption Reformed Rehearse Rehearsed Rehearsal Rehearsing Reincarnation Reject Rejection Religion Religious Remnant Repent Repentance Reptile Reptilian Resurrect Resurrection Retribution Reuben Revelation Reversion Revert Reverted Revised Reward Rich Riches Ridwan Right Rights Righteous Righteousness Ring Ritual River Robe Rock Rogation Roman Romans RSV Ruku Ruling Rushdie Ruth Sabachthani Sabr Sacred Sacrifice Sacrificial Sacrilegious Sadaqa Sadaqah Sage Sages Sahabah Sahaabah Saheeh Sahib Sahih Saint Saith Sajda Sajdah Sakeenah Salah Salaah Salaam Salat Saleh Salman Salvation Samuel San Santa Satan Satanic Satanism S.A.W. SAW Sawab Sawarb Sawm Scary Scholar School Science Scientific Scientist Script Scripture Scroll Scrolls Seclusion Second Secular Secularism Sect Seerah Semitic Semitism September Sermon Serpent Servant Seth Seven Sex Sheikh Shahaadah Shahadah Sham Shaolin Shariah Shaykh Shaytan Shaytaan Shepherd Shia Shinto Show Shuaib Sight Sign Signs Sikh Sikhism Similarities Similitude Sin Sing Sins Sinner Sinning Sincere Sincerity Skull SKY Slave Slavery Slaves Slay Slaying Sloth Sobek Society Solidarity Solomon Solution Son Song Sorcery Soul Sovereign Sovereignty Speaker Speakers Speaking Speech Spell Spellbound Spells Spirit Spirits Spirituality Spread St Stable Staff Stage Standard Star Stars Statue Steven Stevens Stigmata Stone Stoning Stories Story Straight Struggle Student Studies Study Studying Submission Submit Success Sufi Sujood Sujud Sulayman Summon Sun Supper Supremacy Sunnah Sunni Sunset Supplication Sura Surah Swastika Swine Sword Symbol Symbolism Synagogue System Tabernacle Tabernacles Tablet Tahleel Tahlil Tahmeed Takbeer Takbir Talk Talmud Taloot Talut Taoism Taqwa Tasbeeh Tasbih Tattoo Taubah Tauheed Tawaaf Tawaf Tawakkul Tawakul Tawareeh Tawbah Tawfeeq Tawheed Teach Teacher Teaching Television Temperance Templar Templars Temple Temporary Temptation Ten Tenets Terminology Test Testament Testimony Text Textual Thawab Thawarb Theatre Thee Theology Theory Thessalonians Third Thou Throne Thug Thuggish Thugs Thy Tidings Titans Titus Tomb Tombs Tombstone Tongues Top Torah Tower Towers Tradition Traditional Traditions Tranquillity Transitory Translation Transliteration Treasure Tree Trial Tribalism Tribe Tribulation Tribulations Tribunal Trinitarian Trinity Tripataka Triune True Truth TV Twenty Ulema Ummah Unbelief Unbeliever Unbelievers Understanding Unjust Uni Unicorn Unique Unitarian Unite Unity Universe University Unto Up Upon Vainglory Valentine Valentines Vedas Verse Verses Version Victory Virgin Virgins Virtue Visual Voodoo Waajib Wajib Wake Wakeup Wa Wal Warming Warning Water Wealth Web Website Wedlock Weed West White Wine Wisdom Wise Witch Witchcraft Witches Witness Word Words Work World Worship Worshiped Worshipping Worst Worthy Wrath Wrong Wrongdoer Wrongdoers WTC Yahya Yaqub Yaseen Yasin Yawm Yawmul Ye Ying-Yang Yoga Yusha Yunus Yusuf Zabur Zakariyya Zakah Zakat Zakir Zechariah Zen Zero Zeus Zikr Zion Zionism Zoroastrianism Zuhr Zulu