Created by blzos and edited by Alexey Petrov. This Windows 7 ISO Has been 300 MB! Build Year: 2019-2023 Version: 6.1 7601 (SP1, Service Pack 1) Developer: Microsoft This build author: blzos This build editor: Alexey Petrov. Platform: x86/x64 (Both) Installer language: English for both. Interface language: English for both. Activation doesn't require, because Windows Activation components was removed. Minimum requirements to run the OS: Processor: 400MHz. RAM: 256MB for 32-bit. 512MB for 64-bit Hard drive: 2GB Video card: Any. Short description: A unique build of Windows 7 with extremely low system requirements, made for people on a very tight budget. It can be used both on workstations and on kvm-vps with limited capacity (many hosters provide the cheapest servers with 512MB of RAM and 1 core). It has very high performance and a clean, unmodified user interface. Comrade blzos cleared away unnecessary trash for several years, file by file, record by record. Despite a very high degree of trimming, it successfully runs a lot of modern software. At the moment, and in the near future, the author of the distribution (nallion) is in charge of the assembly support. Installation time on a regular PC is several minutes or seconds. Description Introducing a super-lightweight build of Windows 7 designed to run on ancient netbooks and computers from the last decade of the Windows XP era. Such equipment can be found in the trash can, or for a couple of large bottles of beer at a flea market. Breathe a second life into old technology! In addition to high performance and very low system requirements, there are no interface modifications in the assembly (no changes in appearance and icons / cursors were made - only competent pedantic cutting of everything and everything). Build Windows launches the latest versions of the software that the average person needs (office, browsers, toys, audio-video players, photoshop, etc.). The build tester has tested over many applications. When installing the assembly on modern windows7-compatible computers with a small SSD-drive, you get an ultra-fast workstation. It couldn't be faster! Apps that have issues/problems on this build yet. Microsoft RDP (server, client). - Too deeply integrated into the system. It will be difficult to return. VirtualBox - Requires an update to the root certificate store to verify driver signatures. Vmware - Requires any web-browsers to install. Roblox - Requires Firefox-based/Gecko-based browsers and 4 updates since Roblox released Byfron anti-cheat for 64-bit only. ACDsee PhotoStudio Pro 2018 is too bulky application. MSI Afterburner - Failed to install C++ 2005-2008 Installing from Flash Drive To install the operating system from a flash drive, use the UltraISO program. Open the image through UltraISO, select "boot-up - burn disk image", select a USB flash drive, press "burn". Instructions for older version owners Installing the .net framework 1) Download the archive https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Yo_2PXLtevszYfVED5wv8hXqO9L4gqUE, unpack using WinRar or 7zip. 2) copy dll files to C: WindowsSystem32 3) run the .reg file and agree to make changes to the registry. .