Join Bill Meeks and Anne Marie DeSimone as they discuss new episodes, news, and theories about the ABC series Once Upon A Time. The Fakist – Ella Unbranded (Plus News About This Feed) Enjoy this recent episode of our new podcast The Fakist, featuring Bill as the head anchor and Anne Marie as the episode's villain. Plus, news about this feed The Fakist Top 10 Countdown Kasum Kasey is counting down the Top 10 Fakist stories from Season 1 as voted on by you, the Fakist Faithful. Refresh yourself, or get caught up, before Season 2 drops on May 5th! BONUS EPISODE – The Fakist: Fly High FEATURING MANY OF OUR UNIVERSE BOX STORYTELLERS! The Fakist Presents Birdman Stan: Fly High, a hastily thrown together tribute to the man whose "Lazy Eye in the Sky" drifted toward heaven far too soon. Then, a Teen Wolf fancast welcomes an historic guest. All that, plus The Bieber Babies... All Grown Up! Introducing THE FAKIST – from the minds behind Greetings From Storybrooke A NEW podcast, featuring voices you'll recognize and sketches that will crack you up. Covering the fake news… For Real. Paul DaFoe, along with the best news team in the business, breaks fake news from the worlds of politics, sports, entertainment, and Neptune. If the news is #BREAKING, it's probably The Fakist who's breaking it. #204 – Leaving Storybrooke (Again) Join the gang (including original Greetings hosts Bill Meeks and Anne Marie DeSimone) as they discuss the series finale and celebrate Greetings From Storybrooke! PLUS: Bill and Anne Marie have a new project, and all the other hosts are involved! Check out the trailer for The Fakist! #203 – Rocking The Suburbs Join the gang as they discuss "Homecoming". PLUS: Bill and Anne Marie are coming back next episode! #202 – Suddenly Storybrooke College When did they get a college? The gang finds out as they discuss "Is This Henry Mills?" #201 – Move Over Captain Swan (And Their Baby) Somebody has a very special announcement on this week's Greetings From Storybrooke... And they even talk Once Upon A Time a little! #200 – Looks Like We Made It! Join the crew to celebrate episode #200 (and talk Once of course)! Support our Show Greetings from Storybrooke Episode Index The Sharing Spot Legends of Gotham Podcast Bobby’s Twitter Hoop’s Twitter Liz’s Twitter Contact Us: E-mail: greetingsfromstorybrooke@gmail.com Twitter: http://twitter.com/GFStorybrooke Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/GreetingsFromStorybrooke Google+: http://plus.google.com/u/0/112790456541589451539/posts Voicemail Number: (424) 274-2352 #199 – Like A Monkey With The Wings Of A Chicken Join Bobby, Tony, and Monica as they talk about Lana's directorial debut on #OnceUponATime! #198 – Know Your History Join Bobby, Liz, Tony, and Monica as they drop some "Breadcrumbs" all over the latest Once Upon A Time! #197 – Blair Which? Join the whole crew as they discuss "Sisterhood". PLUS: Bobby makes a startling confession!!!1 All this on a new Greetings From Storybrooke show podcast thing. #196 – That’s Who That Is Join Bobby Hawke and Monica Jones as they discuss "The Girl in the Tower". #195 – Two Hooks Join Bobby, Liz, Monica, and Tony as they discuss "Knightfall". #194 – Sudden Darkness Join Bobby, Liz, Monica, and Tony as they discuss "A Taste of the Heights". #193 – It’s Paul’s Fault Join Bobby, Liz, Monica, and Tony as they discuss all the Once Upon A Time midseason premiere “The Secret Garden”. Support our Show Greetings from Storybrooke Episode Index The Sharing Spot Legends of Gotham Podcast Bobby’s Twitter Hoop’s Twitter Liz’s Twitter Contact Us: E-mail: greetingsfromstorybrooke@gmail.com Twitter: http://twitter.com/GFStorybrooke Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/GreetingsFromStorybrooke Google+: http://plus.google.com/u/0/112790456541589451539/posts Voicemail Number: (424) 274-2352 #192 – Blood Whiskey Join Bobby, Liz, Monica, and Tony as they discuss all the Once Upon A Time midseason finale "The Eighth Witch". #191 – Like A Smurf Join Bobby, Tony, and Monica as they discuss all the reveals in "One Little Tear". #190 – Pretty Obvious Be thankful! It's double trouble as Bobby, Tony, and Monica tear into the two-parter "Eloise Gardener" / "Pretty in Blue". #189 – One Size Socket Join Bobby, Tony, and Monica to discuss "Wake Up Call". Which characters are officially woke? Listen and find out! #188 – Call Me Robert Join Bobby, Liz, Tony, and Monica to discuss "Greenbacks". I hear they have snacks. Frog legs maybe? #187 – For Whom The Belle Tolls Join Bobby, Liz, Tony, and Monica to discuss "Beauty". Time enough at last... #186 – Is This 1987? Join Bobby, Tony, and Monica to discuss "The Garden of Forking Paths". Did anybody mention New Orleans? You'll have to listen to find out! #185 – Just Go With It (S07E02) Join Bobby, Liz, Tony, and Monica to discuss "A Pirate's Life". Are they from the Wish Realm too? You'll have to listen to find out! #184 – A Familiar Story (S07E01) Join Bobby, Liz, Tony, and Monica to discuss the first episode of ONCE UPON A TIME: THE REBOOT. Will our cast of Oncers like the new direction? You’ll have to listen to find out! Show Notes Support our Show Greetings from Storybrooke Episode Index The Sharing Spot Legends of Gotham Podcast Bobby’s Twitter Hoop’s […] #183 – Season 7 Spoilercast Join Bobby, Liz, Tony, and Monica for all the Once Upon A Time news you can shake a stick at. Should this podcast be called "Greetings from Hyperion Heights" now? #182 – The Deeper the Crime (S06E21-22) - Emma’s just crazy (or so she’s been told). A result of a curse from the mother of Gold. She’s stranded the others in Fairytale Land but Henry’s determined to give them a hand. Without Emma’s belief the lands start to crumble, so Henry decides to get help from Rumple. When Gold makes the fairy dust fit for an urn, in a flash the town’s memories start to return. Yet that’s not quite the end, the savior’s vision still stands. It’s Emma v. Gideon for the sake of the lands. Will Emma fight this time? The answer is nope, because she’s determined the true power is hope. As good defeats evil the realms reappear and everyone gets a happy BEGINNING...is that clear? But wait?!? Who’s that girl? Is that Henry? Seattle? We start a new book in this week’s “Final Battle”. We're joined by special guest Bill Meeks! #181 – La La Fairytale Land (S06E20) - Snow has made a wish so everybody sings out loud and strong! What could possibly even go wrong. There’s a powerful magic when two hearts combine, but the Evil Queen has another thing in mind! A curse she plans to enact that is true. What will the citizens in the Enchanted Forest do?? They will sing and dance to their heart’s content so that the Evil Queen’s wrath isn’t so hell bent. No evil can pull Emma’s loved ones apart in this week’s episode "The Song In Your Heart." #180 – The Baby Hunter (S06E19) - The tale of the Black Fairy is one we haven’t heard. Is she evil or is she good? The lines are certainly getting blurred. Rumple’s dreamworld reveals oh so much as we learn his mother was mortal once. Gideon and Emma help Rumple uncover that his mother always loved him (or so we discover). Rumple’s destiny was to become the savior, yet the shears of destiny cut that off (not doing him any favors). The Black Fairy became who she was to protect her son, a great evil that cannot be undone. Not everything is coming up merry in this week’s episode "The Black Fairy." #179 – You’re A Big Boy Now (S06E17) - The Lost Boys have cornered Hook to capture him for what he took. It looked like Tiger Lily was there to save the day, but instead she was mean and put Hook away.. There's a flower that can reunite true love (if it exist), but the Black Fairy wants it all to be in the abyss. The end of The Book is near. War is on the way. Soon, evil is going to be here to stay. Everything is at stake in this week's episode "Awake." #178 – Return to Neverland (S06E16) - The Black Fairy is up to an evil plot. What it is we do know not. She took Gideon when he was a baby... Does she really want to be a mother? Well... Uh... Maybe? Regina is trying to break the Evil Queen’s curse, but what happens to Henry may be quite worse. Henry’s eye’s get all freaky, when his Author’s powers go all stinky. So much of this episode is so helter skelter, in this week’s episode "Mother’s Little Helper." #177 – Just Not That Into You (S06E15) - Jasmine and Aladdin set out on a quest to find home. Instead they continue to roam. Jasmine search for her land aided by a wish, but what she finds is Ariel (one half fish). Ariel is in Agrabah searching for her prince, but what she discovers is a villain in her midst. Agrabah and a ring. Aladdin and Jasmine's love is in full swing. The land is awoken by their love embrace in this week's episode "A Wondrous Place." #176 – A New Beginning (S06E14) - It's the final showdown: Regina vs. Evil Queen! Who will win? Grab your popcorn and your magic juice and let the battle begin. A glimpse into the past reveals who the Queen hates more than Snow White is... Herself!? During the fight, Regina remembers her long self-loathing, decides not to kill the Evil Queen, viewer’s tears are flowing. They now share love and pain, and can move forward from their past, the Evil Queen’s reign is over, which wasn’t a blast. The Evil Queen gets a do-over and where does she go? She gets to be with Robin in the wish world, bravo! The Evil Queen is finally free in this week’s episode "Page 23". #175 – Daddy Issues (S06E12) - Hook wants Davids blessing for Emma's hand, but will Charming give him the answer he demands? Charming's father appears from the dead to let him know that he's been misled. David's quest leads to his father's killer in this season's epic thriller. Is this there murder on the prowl in this week's "Murder Most Foul"? #174 – Pics Or It Didn’t Happen (S06E11) Emma and Regina are trapped in a wish. Can they get out, in a dish? Robin’s alive and Hook is fat, can August save them in no time flat? Robin Hood’s life is no epic tale, Regina brings him back on an epic scale! Gideon has grown, and to his mercy Emma’s been thrown. One epic wish has already been granted leaving our heroes all empty handed. Gideon and Emma fight to see who’ the best, but will they find out who’s "Tougher than the Rest". Announcing the Gotham Sweetheart Contest Winners! We announce the three winners of our GOTHAM SWEETHEART CONTEST! Who will win the three Gotham action figures from Diamond Select Toys? Watch and find out! #173 – It’s a Swanderful Life (S06E10) Emma’s wish to have never become the Savior comes true, a wish that David has no idea how to undo. The Evil Queen’s plots are working in her favor, yet what she doesn't count on is Regina becoming braver. Regina ventures into Emma’s wish to save her, it works and Emma finally does remember. Escaping this wish is hard I must confess, when Regina’s true love comes back, what a mess! The first-half of the season is over, but don’t shed a tear, in this week's “Wish You Were Here." #172 – I Learned It From Watching You (S06E09) Belle follows the strand to her son’s dream land, Emma and Hook are on the chase to see what Rumple has done in this case. Rumbelle’s baby is born in a flash, to save him from Rumple the heroes must make a quick dash. Rumple’s mother is also FINALLY revealed in this week's  “Changelings". #171 – My Three Moms (S06E08) - The Charmings are under a Cruel Curse, but throughout six seasons they have been through worse. The evil Queen’s plot is getting clearer in this week's “I’ll Be Your Mirror". #170 – The Loverade (S06E07) - The Evil Queen is trying to steal Snow and Charming’s heart! But she’s trying so desperately to keep them apart! Her plan is so evil and cruel that she doesn’t have anytime to be cool. Her revenge is right within her grasp, but there is something that she needs from the past. The sapling is the only way to stop this evil queen’s plan but Snow and Charming just might have to take a stand. For the Queen has no mercy for these two love birds for she shows her awfulness in this week's "Heartless". UB Special: The Boxies It’s time for THE BOXIES! That’s right. It’s the first annual edition of our new awards show. Who will win? Who will lose? You’ll have to watch to find out. PLUS: We review the new DC Comics/NBC sitcom Powerless. All that and more inside the UNIVERSE BOX. Universe Box 2016 Christmas Special Join Bill Meeks and Anne Marie DeSimone as they celebrate the holiday season with Christmas story readings, then they (and their listeners) open Secret Santa gifts, and then we'll wind it up with our 2014 video Take Me Home for Christmas! #169 – Finding Nemo (S06E06) - Hook's ship has been breached by a special person who has come to teach. This captain needs a lesson he needs to know that revenge isn't a blessin. Henry and Hook have been captured upon a place where Hook has been before, but his brother Liam has a personal settle to score. This all takes place in this week's "Dark Waters" #168 – A Whole New Podcast (S06E05) - Your hosts discuss the introduction of Aladdin and Jasmine into the Once Upon a Time mythos in "Street Rats". #167 – The Land of Unreviewed Episodes Wait? Greetings From Storybrooke is back??!? Your new hosts Bobby , Liz, and Tony pick up the torch put down by Bill and Anne Marie and discuss the first four episodes of Once Upon a Time Season 6... It's a whole new podcast! Universe Box Sampler Platter Join Bill Meeks and Anne Marie DeSimone as they bring you the latest in pop culture entertainment news. From books to Broadway to TV and video games, they'll tell you what's inside the Universe Box. This episode features a sampler platter of our best stories from the first month. Infinite Tina – “The Empty Place (Where Love Should Be)” A table read of the Bill Meeks Pilot Infinite Tina. Includes a post-read discussion with members of the cast. | After a bad breakup, a girl abandons her dream job to go jaunting around the multiverse aided by her smartphone VICCI. Her "transitions" send her through countless alternate versions of her life as she attempts to discover who she should become. #166 – The Dead Last Roundtable The time has come. Join Bill Meeks, Anne Marie DeSimone, and a panel of some of their faithful listeners to discuss Season 5 as a whole. Bring your Magic Juice. #165 – Farewell from Storybrooke (S05E22-23) - Robin is dead and Regina’s depressed. Hook has returned and she thinks he’s a pest. Rumple has taken Storybrooke’s magic to keep Belle’s fate from being so tragic. Henry wants to change up the show. His dad had a plan that only he knows. He’s off to New York while the Charmings realm jump. They encounter a weakling who becomes quite a grump. Regina’s concerned she’ll become evil and use her magic to go straight medieval. Henry kills magic and strands his grandparents. His commitment to cause is so thin it’s transparent. He bothers New Yorkers but makes them believe. The characters in Hyde’s world all start to leave. Our heroes find enemies in the midst of their glory. “Only You” will believe “An Untold Story.” #164 – Everybody Curses (S05E21) - Arthur is out of places to flee. Now that he’s dead he’s the new Mr. Smee. They search Hades’ lair for part of the book. Emma must learn to let go of Hook. Zelina’s protecting her newish companion from heroes who want to kill him and damn him. Fresh lives go dark as old ones relight. What face did we make while viewing “Last Rites?” We also make a big announcement! #163 – All About That Face (No Baby) (S05E20) - Hades engages our heroes assistance. The Stilkskins move his Zelena some distance. We learn the tale of Emma's red jacket (her leather armor if she thinks to pack it). Captain Swan is true love! This ship is confirmed. Shame that their time has finally termed. Hades outwits one higher nerd. The flames start to fly in this week's “Firebird.” #162 – ERMAGURD MAJIRK! (S05E19) - Hades is ready to settle on down. He’s tired of Underbrooke and wants a new town. Regina will chill her sibling’s love plotter with help of the previously lost miller’s daughter. Children of Cora have a vague history, one that till now was a Once mystery. Will returning the past make Zelena quit twisters? Bad makeup abounds in this week’s sad “Sisters.” #161 – Oz is an Open Door (S05E18) - The Yellow Brick Road is now overgrown. Dorothy is living in Oz all alone. Well... Besides Toto and all of the Munchkins (those magical micro her-loving bumpkins). Ruby and Mulan wander along hunting for wolves while talking of songs. No love for Mulan (despite those who ship her). Our heroes stall out for this week’s "Ruby Slippers.” We're joined by guest Amy P.! #160 – Hell’s Belle (S04E17) - Belle’s father’s kingdom is under attack. Ogres are coming and she won’t do jack. Hades gives Gaston some magical arrows in hopes he’ll put Rumple in the damp barrows. A hero, to Belle, is concerned with compassion. It’s hard when hopelessness is so in fashion. Her kill count ticks up to greater than zero when she saves the life of “Her Handsome Hero.” We're joined by guest Dawn Owar! #159 – Mortals Just Don’t Understand (S04E16) - We quickly find out Zelena knows Hades. They both have a plan for fairy tale babies. Speaking of babies, the Charmings haunt theirs. Belle catches Rumple sneaking up from downstairs. Henry can write now. Isn't that sweet?. Shame that it only works when he sleeps! If he had a brain the Scarecrow could stay. A hellish pair canoodles in this, “Our Decay”. #158 – The Sorcerer’s Appendix (S05E15) - With Emma’s help Hook is quick to recover. A knock on the door? Turns out it’s his brother. Liam’s the hero Hook emulated, a betrayal at sea being unstated. The Apprentice points Henry towards his broken pen. The Sorcerer’s mansion comes back again. Will Liam move Hook to lofty new zones? Siblings unite in this week’s “The Brothers Jones”. #157 – Greetings from Underbrooke (S04E14) - Hades sends Hook down the Lost River. Gold’s crystal ball gives him quite a shiver. To save his old enemy he’ll need his ex whose aura will cancel out Hades house hex. Regina is on the hunt for some closure. Cruella provides the gravestone disclosure. That’s more than some shade Rumple just threw. No big surprise. Evil is what “Devil’s Due.” / We're joined by guests Bri and Alex from Other Side of the Mirror and What The Fangirl! #156 – One Demigod Summer (S05E13) - Snow White stumbles on an old friend's grave. She's endeared to him for advice that he gave. Cerberus killed him. Soon he'll kill Hook. Cruella wants Henry to rewrite the book. Mary Margaret is tired of being so boring. She finds Hercules who she's bent on restoring. With her help he and Meg will ascend up above if they can complete her "Labor of Love." #155 – The Feels Episode (S04E12) - The gang’s on a mission to save Captain Hook. They encounter saints, fathers, and crooks. Cora and daughter are soon reunited. A once-blind witch is apparently sighted. Rumple meets Pan back at the shop. The gang’s new game plan isn’t how this all started.They’ve got distracted by “The Souls of the Departed.” #154 – Spoiler Party of the Damned Join Bill Meeks, Anne Marie DeSimone, and special guest Brittany Duke from Once Upon a Podcast to discuss all the Once Upon a Time Season 5B spoilers you can shake a stick at! #153 – (S02E02) “We Are Both” Commentary (S02E02) - Bill and Anne Marie sit down to watch the classic episode "We Are Both". We cross the town line, offer to teach Regina magic, and give a stirring speech from the bed of our truck. We also point out things that make sense now while making fun of the stuff that has changed. It’s just like sitting down and watching the episode with us! #152 – (S02E01) “Broken” Commentary (S02E01) - Bill and Anne Marie sit down to watch the classic episode "Broken". We get a very familiar postcard, bring magic to Storybrooke, and make out with a Sleeping Beauty. We also point out things that make sense now while making fun of the stuff that has changed. It’s just like sitting down and watching the episode with us! A Very Gus Gus Christmas (Universe Box 2015 Gift Exchange) Join Bill Meeks and Anne Marie DeSimone as we open our gifts from the Secret Santa Gift Exchange (including some very special Oncers), share what others got, and open a few other things that have arrived! It's a very Gus Gus Christmas! #151 – The Dark Podcasters Roundtable Join Bill Meeks and Anne Marie DeSimone from Greetings from Storybrooke along with their guests from ONCE Podcast, Once Upon a Podcast, Once Upon a Time Fan Podcast, and Once Upon a Time Podcast to discuss Season 5A of Once Upon a Time. Did we love it? Did we hate it? The superstars of Once Upon a Time podcasting join forces to decide if the latest OUaT season was worthy. #150 – The Dark Shellfish (S05E11) - The Dark Ones descend on fair Storybrooke, brought back to life by the Dark Captain Hook. We meet his dad a hundred years prior, along with the brother he seems to have sired. Our heroes are marked for a journey to Hell. Can Emma save them without more hair gel? Some things feel quite right, but more feels quite wrong. Notes flurry by in this week’s “Swan Song”. #149 – Dark Ones Lyft, Saviors Uber (S05E10) - Hook has gone dark (or darker at least).. He fights like a pirate while dressed as a priest. He challenges his enemy the old Crocodile, a grudge that he's carried for a long while. His new grudge involves Emma and the thing that she did. She finds her dreamcatchers with the help of her kid. Merida threatens with a token dart in this thrilling new episode called "Broken Heart". #148 – The Canadian Bootleg (S05E09) - Bobby Hawke and his daughter Haylee do what we could and discuss the "Canadian bootleg" episode of Once Upon a Time called "The Bear King". #147 – One Great Episode (S05E08) - Emma is constantly lying to Hook. Arthur's advantage is people he took. Can Emma light fire with the truth deep inside? Her secret emotions need clarified. Regina can help with her trusty cursed knife. Darkness will die if Emma starts a new life. Zelina's in labor, then under the Earth.This week more than one villain gives "Birth". #146 – Send Me Nimue (S05E07) - Eons ago Merlin needed a drink. His cup made the Dark One, but it’s not who you think. Emma’s still dark (don’t get that twisted). It turns out she’s just the latest enlisted. The first Dark One’s looking to be restored. Everybody learns to forge a sword! Did the promise of love lead a wizard astray? Merlin’s betrayed in this week's "Nimue". #145 – Retconstiltskin (S05E06) - Rumple escapes with the help of a cup. Emma is chill. She knows what's up. Rumple wobbles into the arms of his Belle. Will she still love him without all his spells? Back in the past Belle gets hit with a rock. Why is Merida so unwilling to talk? If that's being friendly I pity her foe. Pixar's revisited in "The Bear and the Bow". #144 – Emma’s Etsy Shop (S05E05) - Henry is dizzy with Violet (his crush). Her friend zone rejection turns his young heart to mush. But who squeezes Violet's? Hint: It's his mother, a secret Mom 2 is hyped to uncover. Merlin's past with the Dark One is revealed. Will his broken heart ever be healed? Merida trains Rumple. Will he land on a stretcher? The Gray One arises in this week's "Dreamcatcher". #143 – Chekhov’s Goo (S05E04) - Arthur is due for an origin story. One is revealed in its twistacular glory. We also find out how Lancelot kissed the Queen of the realm to ignite a plot tryst. Snow fights with David, but not for too long. Two with one heart can admit when they're wrong. Merida has arrows. Will Rumple sling them? Bravery might help in this week's "The Broken Kingdom". #142 – The Double Rumple (S05E03) - Dark Swan is desperate to break loose her sword. She’s swinging an ax to claim her reward. Meanwhile Arthur and David are lurching towards a magic mushroom after careful researching. Who stole the magic bean from the reliquary? The squire? Who knew the young knave was prone to conspire? Emma tempts Hook with a date that’s most garrulous. Charming gets a new chair in this "Siege Perilous". #141 – I Speak for the Trees (S05E02) - The curse has been cast. The Dark One is free. Merlin and Dopey are both stuck as trees. Back at King Arthur’s he’s throwing a ball. Percival’s spying and prepping a brawl. Henry has romance, while Hook loses his. Bad can be sexy but Emma’s got frizz. Despite all the haters Regina is nice, but what is she willing to pay on “The Price”? #140 – Walk of Shame (S05E01) - The Dark Swan is here with her greased back new hairdo. She emerges from a black magic oily goo. She wants to avoid the Dark One’s dark calling. With luck her friends might stop her from falling. That’s if they can find her (with the help of a witch). Traveling to realms in a house is her niche. Camelot’s calling. Emma hits the salon. She’s no longer good in this week's "The Dark Swan". #139 – Knights of the Spoiler Party It’s all the news, rumors, and trailers you can shake a stick at! Featuring all the latest #OUaT news from Camelot and beyond! Pull your sword from the stone, then join Bill Meeks and Anne Marie DeSimone for a totally awesome SPOILER PARTY. Doctor Who (Universe Box Special #4) In this special episode of our new podcast Universe Box we discuss Doctor Who. We made this one with Once Upon a Time fans in mind so if you want to check it out BE OUR GUEST! #138 – (S01E21) “An Apple Red as Blood” Commentary (S01E21) - Bill and Anne Marie sit down to watch the classic episode "An Apple Red as Blood". We reach back in time through Jefferson's hat, storm the castle, and poison Henry with the Snow White apple. We also point out things that make sense now while making fun of the stuff that has changed. It’s just like sitting down and watching the episode with us! #137 – (S01E20) “The Stranger” Commentary (S01E17) - Bill and Anne Marie sit down to watch the classic episode "The Stranger". We shove our kid in a cabinet, lost against a whale, and use the last magic tree in Misthaven. We also point out things that make sense now while making fun of the stuff that has changed. It’s just like sitting down and watching the episode with us! #136 – (S01E16) “Heart of Darkness” Commentary (S01E16) - Bill and Anne Marie sit down to watch the classic episode "Heart of Darkness". We smack some birds around, remember our past lives, and break out some puppets. We also point out things that make sense now while making fun of the stuff that has changed. It’s just like sitting down and watching the episode with us! #135 – (S01E15) “Red-Handed” Commentary (S01E15) - Bill and Anne Marie sit down to watch the classic episode "Red-Handed". We eat our boyfriends, create Snow-Red, and show off our wicked scar. We also point out things that make sense now while making fun of the stuff that has changed. It’s just like sitting down and watching the episode with us! #134 – (S01E13) “What Happened to Frederick” Commentary (S01E13) - Bill and Anne Marie sit down to watch the classic episode "What Happened to Frederick". We get that Midas touch, reunite two lovers, and find a date at the elementary school. We also point out things that make sense now while making fun of the stuff that has changed. It’s just like sitting down and watching the episode with us! #133 – The Dark Spoiler Party It’s all the news, rumors, and trailers you can shake a stick at! Featuring all the latest #OUaT news from Comicon 2015 and beyond! Shoot an arrow into the air, then join Bill Meeks and Anne Marie DeSimone for a long overdue SPOILER PARTY. #132 – (S01E11) “Fruit of the Poisonous Tree” Commentary (S01E11) - Bill and Anne Marie sit down to watch the classic episode "Fruit of the Poisonous Tree". We rub a lamp, frame a genie, and kill a king. We also point out things that make sense now while making fun of the stuff that has changed. It’s just like sitting down and watching the episode with us! Episode 131 – (S01E10) “7:15 AM” Commentary (S01E10) - Bill and Anne Marie sit down to watch the classic episode "7:15 AM". We stalk each other at Granny's, kill Stealthy, and drink anti-love juice. We also point out things that make sense now while making fun of the stuff that has changed. It’s just like sitting down and watching the episode with us! Episode 130 – (S01E06) “The Shepherd” Commentary (S01E06) - Bill and Anne Marie sit down to watch the classic episode "The Shepherd". We discover lost twins, court married men, and marry somebody we don't love for political purposes. We also point out things that make sense now while making fun of the stuff that has changed. It’s just like sitting down and watching the episode with us! NEW PODCAST: We’re So LOST #1 – S01E01 “Pilot” Join Bill Meeks and Anne Marie DeSimone as they watch the classic ABC TV series LOST for the first time! This is a "pilot" for a potential podcast we'd love to make with your support! Episode 129 – The Fan Episode Join our listeners Hope Mullinax, Bobby Hawke, and Liz Plascencia as they discuss how they discovered Once Upon a Time, Greetings from Storybrooke, and each other. That's right! The inmates are running this asylum in this very special fan-led episode. Harry Potter (Universe Box Special #3) In this special episode of our new podcast Universe Box we discuss Harry Potter. We made this one with Once Upon a Time fans in mind so if you want to check it out BE OUR GUEST! Episode 128 – (S01E14) “Dreamy” Commentary (S01E03) - Bill, Anne Marie, and special guest Rebecca Johnson (formerly of Operation Cobra Podcast) sit down to watch the classic episode "Dreamy". We kill time hatching eggs, plots, and fairy dust. We also point out things that make sense now while making fun of the stuff that has changed. It’s just like sitting down and watching the episode with us! Episode 127 – Live from Regal Con 2015 Join Bill Meeks and guest co-host Becca Canote as they discuss the penultimate episode of Once Upon A Time and speculate on the season finale. They'll also discuss the challenges and rewards of producing a fancast with Once Upon A Time Fan Podcast's Jeff Roney. Episode 126 – Season 4 Listener Roundtable We're joined by an all-star lineup of listeners to talk Frozen, Witch Babies, Spice Girls, and all the other crazy stuff that happened on #OnceUponATime this year. Bring your magic juice, folks. Our guests include DebDebDeb, Liz Plascencia, Hope Mullinax, Bobby Hawke, and Patty. Episode 125 – Heroes and Villains Panel from Regal Con 2015 Bill got the opportunity to join the "Heroes and Villains" panel at Regal Con 2015. Organized by @Oncer4eva1015, the panel featured her, Bill, and Once Upon a Time Fan Podcast co-host Jeff Roney. Join us for a fan discussion including the dynamics of how easy it is for a hero to fall. Episode 124 – Pro-Level Fan Fiction (S04E22) - Isaac wants to prove his jerk boss wrong. He’s practiced to make his stories more strong. An alternate history is what’s on offer thanks to a pen, some ink, and the author. Heroes are villains and bad guys are good. Regina is chilling without Robin Hood. Henry’s in Misthaven trying to fix it. He’d better hurry before everyone kicks it. Is this show’s greatest threat flying grape juice? The Sorcerer’s revealed in “Operation Mongoose”. Episode 123 – Stupid Stupid Stupid Charmings (S04E21) - Rumple’s heart is black, not dark pink. The one way to fix it involves Author’s ink. The bottle they have? Turns out it’s a dud. In order to use it they’ll need dark Savior blood. Cora returns on the day she killed Daniel to find Regina’s true love (it’s a gamble). Emma patches things up with her evil-ish parents. Lily’s upset and breathing fire to vent. The quill pressed to page. One story after another. Revenge is served hot in this week’s “Mother”. Episode 122 – Silly Lily and The Hand of Fate (S04E20) - The darkness in Emma continues to grow, brought on by the actions of Charming and Snow. An Evil Queen road trip is just what she needs to absolve herself from her wicked deeds. She’s looking for Lily in all the wrong places, but thanks to a wolf she’s off to the races. Her childhood friend is anything but frilly. Time to catch up with the anti-Savior in “Lily”. Episode 121 – Black Widow Twist (S04E19) - Cruella, it turns out, is worse than we’d thought. She got locked in the attic with a sad little cot. A reporter named Isaac is after her story. He knows that it’s sordid, then finds out it’s gory. He uses his pen to impress his new sweetie. He’s handing out powers via graffiti. Henry gets kidnapped. Emma goes downhill. They’re blackening hearts in “Sympathy for the De Vil”. Episode 120 – Robin Hood Chase (S04E18) - Robin’s been to Oz-land. He’s been to our land. He crossed the realms to steal some goop for Gold. Rumple’s heart’s sick. Marion’s a witch trick. She’s not at risk from a spell of cold. And Rumple’s getting old. Keep him working towards a classic motif. Turn him into a moral gold thief. Robin’s origin in this week’s “Heart of Gold”. And Rumple’s getting old. Episode 119 – (S01E05) “That Still Small Voice” Commentary (S01E05) - Bill and Anne Marie sit down to watch the classic episode "That Still Small Voice". We kill time comparing toys, shops, and emotional baggage. We also point out things that make sense now while making fun of the stuff that has changed. It’s just like sitting down and watching the episode with us! Episode 118 – Regal Con Revealed We talk with the team behind Regal Con, the Once Upon a Time fan convention happening in Anaheim, CA May 8-10, 2015. We talk the stars, sights, and even share some tips to get the most out of your Regal Con experience. We also review the new Once Upon a Time Graphic Novel "Out of the Past" from Marvel Comics. Episode 117 – It’s an Egg! (S04E17) - The author’s the one everyone’s after. Not a guy, it’s a job for reality drafters. Our Charming heroes kidnap a baby. Will they find their redemption? Maybe. Rumple’s not well but a hurt heart won’t stop him. Will he capture the author or try to swap him? Will this metatextual plotline placate the fans? Things go awry with this week’s “Best Laid Plans”. Episode 116 – Too Many Mermaids (S04E16) - If Rumple is everyone, everyone’s Ursula. Her tentacle strike knocks around Hook’s vertebra. She’s not just a villain. She’s the first little mermaid. Her job is sing-killing but she feels that it’s played. August returns and gets converted to timber. His growing flesh nose is so very limber. One Spice Girl down, but they still have the mole. Down to the sea in “Poor Unfortunate Soul”. Episode 115 – Heroine Addict (S04E15) - Regina is rolling three deep with the queens. They drink magic juice while acting like teens. Agent Mal’s back in town and she has a fedora. A different look than when she fought with Aurora. Regina was there then. Didn’t we mention? She stopped by the appease Mal’s drugged apprehension. Rump hooks his dagger. Pinocchio's ripe for baggin’. Regina acts bad in “Enter the Dragon”. Disney Renaissance (Universe Box Special #2) In this special episode of our new podcast Universe Box we discuss the Disney Renaissance. We made this one with Once Upon a Time fans in mind so if you want to check it out BE OUR GUEST! Episode 114 – Husband Brothers (S04E14) - Snow and Prince Charming hide things from Emma. The fact that they’ve hidden is their biggest dilemma. The Queens of Darkness take them to a tree where they can ask questions upon bended knee. The tree sure ain’t talking. Pinocchio's quiet. Does one talking tree cause others to try it? The ashes: marinated. Maleficent’s risen. It’s our second week back! Let’s Watch Once’s “Unforgiven”. Episode 113 – Spice Girls of Evil (S04E13) - The Spice Girls of Evil are helping the Dark One. Their plan for redemption is a cleverly stark one: Hunt down the author and give him some notes... Take out the bad stuff (but leave the fur coats). Storybrooke’s moved on from their Frozen folly (minus the scroll which acts as a trolly). Chernabog’s looking for somebody evil. Does the savior he hunts even come from good people? Once is back and it’s time to get down. Let’s talk the new ep “Darkness on the Edge of Town”. Episode 112 – Once If…? #3 Canon? Who cares about canon? We're ripping whole sections out of the storybook to find out what would happen if ABC's Once Upon a Time went a bit differently. First up: What if #OUaT existed before social media? Episode 111 – Revenge of the Spoiler Party Join us (and our guests Hope Mullinax, Bobby Hawke, and Amy) as we throw a big spoiler party before #OnceUponATime starts up again. Find out why the biggest threat to Storybrooke is... The Spice Girls? Episode 110 – Once If…? #2 Canon? Who cares about canon? We're ripping whole sections out of the storybook to find out what would happen if ABC's Once Upon a Time went a bit differently. First up: What if Regina and Daniel had eloped? PLUS: STORYBROOKE 2099! Episode 109 – (S01E04) “The Price of Gold” Commentary (S01E03) - Bill and Anne Marie sit down to watch the classic episode "The Price of Gold". We kill time comparing ships, shops, and Rumple glitter. We also point out things that make sense now while making fun of the stuff that has changed. It’s just like sitting down and watching the episode with us! Episode 108 – (S01E03) “Snow Falls” Commentary (S01E03) - Bill and Anne Marie sit down to watch the classic episode "Snow Falls". We kill time comparing ships, shops, and out the author as Mr. Dob Birth. We also point out things that make sense now while making fun of the stuff that has changed. It’s just like sitting down and watching the episode with us! Home (Universe Box Special #1) Did you know we launched a new podcast this week? It's called Universe Box and it includes everything your love about our fancasts. The concept is stories set to a theme. We hope you guys love it! We also have some last minute info about the Podcast Awards. Care to help us out? Episode 107 – Once If…? #1 Canon? Who cares about canon? We're ripping whole sections out of the storybook to find out what would happen if ABC's Once Upon a Time went a bit differently. First up: What if Prince Charming had died in the pilot as originally planned? Episode 106 – Into the Woods/Galavant Special With ONCE withdrawals coming in heavy Bill and Anne Marie discuss the new Disney film Into the Woods and the ABC mini-series Galavant. It's a very MUSICAL Greetings from Storybrooke! Episode 105 – S02E19 “Lacey” Commentary (S02E19) - It's a Christmas miracle! Bill and Anne Marie sit down to watch the listner choice "Lacey". We kill time comparing ships, shops, and cleavage. We also point out things that make sense now while making fun of the stuff that has changed. It's just like sitting down and watching the episode with us! Episode 104 – Drop the Heart (S04E12) - Now that Frozen is back safe with Disney there’s room for Dragon Lady, Dog Lady, and Fishy. Turns out they know Rumps from back in the day. They got caught in his plan to rescue his Bae. In Storybrooke Gold stands in the clock, where he’s taking his hat on a little space walk. He saves Belle from darkness with a flick of his wrist. He’s changed, but not really, and now Belle is pi-- upset. His outlook’s so sick he might need penicillin due to his wife’s actions in “Heroes and Villains”. Episode 103 – The Hungerbrooke Storygames (S04E11) - Our Storybrooke citizens are under a curse. That’s happened before but this time it’s worse. All of the good guys become their worst selves except for dear Belle who sleeps behind shelves. Emma and Snow Queen history. We even solve the “Snow Queen in Storybrooke” mystery. Plots are resolved and wrongs are set right in this week’s new episode “Shattered Sight”. Episode 102 – Blowing Minds (S04E10) - Rumple is tired of doing what’s right as the shards of glass from the curse cloud take flight. Elsa and Emma play with magical devices that find and protect and melt all the ices. The hat is the thing, and a curse that Hook carries. He’s coerced into capturing those bothersome fairies. If you have loved ones, better hide them all. “Tragic is coming” soon after this “Fall”. Episode 101 – S02E06 “Tallahassee” Commentary (S02E06) - It's a Thanksgiving miracle! Bill and Anne Marie sit down to watch their most hated episode. Will our Haterade transform into magic juice? Listen and find out! We point out things that make sense now while making fun of the stuff that has changed. It's just like sitting down and watching the episode with us! Episode 100 – Mr. Gold’s Undoing (S04E08) - An epic two-parter happened this week. The Apprentice was featured but he didn’t squeak. A deal with the Snow Queen in exchange for a hat. Anna and Elsa have a spitter of spats. Emma hurts Henry then rejects her powers, the magic Rumple’s box is keen to devour. Hook tries to warn her. The Charmings don’t care. The Snow Queen is trapped all alone in her lair. Arendelle’s frozen, and the Snow Queen draws nearer in this week’s epic episode “Smash the Mirror”. PLUS: An extra-long feedback segment with letters and voicemails from our listeners. The longest episode yet! Episode 99 – Helgarita (S04E07) - In old Arendelle three sisters are playing. One sister has powers. The other sisters aren’t saying. Back in town Emma brings Ingrid back to the station to subject her to an interrogation. Ingrid’s unphased. She knows Emma’s conflicted. The flow of her power is now unrestricted. People are hurt and Rumple’s still mean. Our cup freezeth over in this week’s “The Snow Queen”. We're joined by Jason George! Episode 98 – What the Belle? (S04E06) - Anna and Belle climb up rocky mountains. A trickle of trouble turns into a fountain. Emma (the saviour) has a cold-hearted stalker. Her behavior consists of hiding paintings in a locker. Rumple’s full of lies as he faces Dairy Queen. He’s aware of her actions but it’s nothing he’s foreseen. Everyone’s related. Don’t matter if they like this. Emma gets some sisters in this week’s “Family Business”. Episode 97 – The Emo Queen (S04E05) - Regina is offloading her work to the Mirror. Sidney wants out, but he sort of still fears her. Emma and Elsa are looking for help, but Elsa runs off when she hears Anna yelp. Regina’s reception towards Emma is cold but out on the ice bridge a secret is told. The mirror? Assembled. Our heroes? Outclassed. The genie is free in this week’s “Breaking Glass”. Episode 96 – Searching for Sarah Fisher (S04E04) - Rumple and Anna are quite awful playmates, with Rumple tricking her into doing things she hates. Hook and Emma go out for a meal, but to get back his hand Killian makes a deal. Is his hand cursed? Can’t say for sure. His attitude’s bad (though his intentions are pure). The power-leeching hat may prove momentous, all in this week’s episode “The Apprentice”. Episode 95 – The Emma Button (S04E03) - The Snow Queen is here in her white, gooey glory. Regina and Henry aim to change up the story. Elsa and Kristoff search for the urn. Hans seeks revenge since his ambitions were spurned. Emma hates Hook, at least that's how it seems. She's trying to protect him, but she's being so mean! Marion's a freeze pop. Robin's in grief mode. The ice wall still stands in this week's "Rocky Road". Episode 94 – Of Ice and Women (S04E02) - Frozen references litter the script, as flowing as Charming’s new hair. When Anna visits (and Bo Peep comes calling) she struggles to make him care. Charming hooks up with Emma’s new beau to save her from a cold winter grave. Even Henry’s plot shows progression as we wait patiently on the Knave. We thought that Elsa would be the ice queen, but now that’s been cast into doubt. Did we mishear? Did they say “ice cream”? Let’s talk about this week’s “White Out”. With Special Guest Meredith Placko (cosplayer, co-host Marvel News). Episode 93 – Frozen 2: Back in the Habit (S04E01) - After three months our show’s been unfrozen. Regina's upset at the girl Robin’s chosen. Elsa takes a walk lasting almost an hour, creating a monster that makes Emma cower. The Mirror returns to do the Queen’s bidding. If love is a battlefield Regina loves winning. The writers get meta with the hat and the book. Elsa seeks out Gold's shop and the necklace he took. But Rumple's too busy being Belle’s Mister, all in the premiere “A Tale of Two Sisters”. Episode 92 – The First Spoiler Party in Forever We're covering the ONCE UPON A TIME Season 4 Premiere in Hollywood... from our studio. Join us as we jump in for a big spoiler party before #OnceUponATime's 4th Season. We're gonna let it go and build a snowman made of ONCE news and your questions. Oh, and we're doing video now. Episode 91 – S01E22 “A Land Without Magic” Commentary (S01E22) - Bill and Anne Marie sit down to watch Maleficent's defeat. We point out things that make sense now while making fun of the stuff that has changed. It's just like sitting down and watching the episode with us! Episode 90 – (S01E02) “The Thing You Love Most” Commentary (S01E02) - Bill and Anne Marie sit down and rewatch the first appearance of Maleficent. We point out things that make sense now while making fun of the stuff that has changed. It's just like sitting down and watching the episode with us! Episode 89 – S01E18 “The Stable Boy” Commentary (S01E18) - Bill and Anne Marie sit down and rewatch the episode that turned Regina into The Evil Queen. We point out things that make sense now while making fun of the stuff that has changed. It's just like sitting down and watching the episode with us! Episode 88 – (S01E07) “The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter” Commentary (S01E07) - Bill and Anne Marie sit down and rewatch the episode that sealed the fate of Sheriff Graham. We point out things that make sense now while making fun of the stuff that has changed (we also become self-appointed Storybrooke fashion police). It's just like sitting down and watching the episode with us! Episode 87 – S01E12 “Skin Deep” Commentary (S01E12) - Bill and Anne Marie sit down and rewatch the episode that introduced us to the love of Rumple's life (if you don't count his wife, which you shouldn't). We point out things that make sense now while making fun of the stuff that has changed. It's just like sitting down and watching the episode with us! Episode 86 – S01E17 “Hat Trick” Commentary (S01E17) - Bill and Anne Marie sit down and rewatch the episode that introduced us to Wonderland and Jefferson's magic hat. We point out things that make sense now while making fun of the stuff that has changed. It's just like sitting down and watching the episode with us! Episode 85 – (S01E09) “True North” Commentary (S01E09) - Bill and Anne Marie sit down and rewatch the episode that taught us not to eat stranger's houses. We point out things that make sense now while making fun of the stuff that has changed. It's just like sitting down and watching the episode with us! Episode 84 – S01E19 “The Return” Commentary (S01E19) - Bill and Anne Marie sit down and rewatch the episode that sent Baelfire to the real world and launched 1,000 ships!. We point out things that make sense now while making fun of the stuff that has changed. It's just like sitting down and watching the episode with us! Episode 83 – Wednesday Night Comicon Party Bill and Anne Marie are back to talk about all the ONCE news from San Diego Comicon. We also have a special announcement about the podcast. Join us for an honest-to-goodness Comicon Party! Episode 82 – (S01E08) “Desperate Souls” Commentary (S01E08) - Bill and Anne Marie sit down and rewatch the episode that tells us how Rumple became the Dark One. We point out things that make sense now while making fun of the stuff that has changed. It's just like sitting down and watching the episode with us! Episode 81 – Return of the Spoiler Party Join Bill and Anne Marie (as well as listener Bobby Hawke) as they run down all the latest news and rumors for Season 4. We're back! Grab your magic juice... it's time for a spoiler party. Episode 80 – Interview with Emma from Lytherus.com (Repost) We're coming your way with a brand new spoiler party this Thursday but until then we thought we'd repost this interview we did several months ago about the podcast. Talk to you Thursday! Episode 79 – Season 3 Listener Roundtable (audio) (Season 3) - Four countries. 11 #ONCERS. Total Mayhem. We're joined by an all-star lineup of listeners and fellow podcasters. We talk Neverland, Oz, and all the other crazy stuff that happened on "Once Upon a Time". Episode 79 – Season 3 Listener Roundtable (video) (Season 3) - Four countries. 11 #ONCERS. Total Mayhem. We're joined by an all-star lineup of listeners and fellow podcasters. We talk Neverland, Oz, and all the other crazy stuff that happened on "Once Upon a Time". Episode 78 – The Power of Love (audio) (S03E21E22) - Tell me, Rumple. Where are we going this time? Is it the forest from Once Upon a Time? Zelina’s portal is a curious thing. Makes you stop your mom from stealing a ring. The Captain Swan team breaks the timeline quite quick (of all of the moments the two could have picked!). The Dark One plays Doctor to their Marty McFlys in order to make true love seem a surprise. And we add a new tick to our Disney-themed tally, all in the epic ONCE season finale. We're joined by Becca Canote, Elizabeth Plascencia, and Kari Turvey. Episode 78 – The Power of Love (video) (S03E21E22) - Tell me, Rumple. Where are we going this time? Is it the forest from Once Upon a Time? Zelina’s portal is a curious thing. Makes you stop your mom from stealing a ring. The Captain Swan team breaks the timeline quite quick (of all of the moments the two could have picked!). The Dark One plays Doctor to their Marty McFlys in order to make true love seem a surprise. And we add a new tick to our Disney-themed tally, all in the epic ONCE season finale. We're joined by Becca Canote, Elizabeth Plascencia, and Kari Turvey. Episode 77 – Sister Witches (S03E20) - Zelina gets chance after chance to turn good. Would they give her the chance if they thought that she could? Glenda in OZ needs a new sister, but when Dorothy swoops in she surmises she missed her. She’s melting! She’s melting! Only a fake out, inspired by a clandestine Sister Witch stakeout. Zelina gets the baby. Regina saves the day. Everybody comes out kind of okay... that is until Rumple strips the paint off his character canvas. All in this week’s episode “Kansas”. Episode 76 – The Bird Whisperer (S03E19) - Answers! Answers! An episode full of answers! Adam and Eddy are pure plot advancers. We see the curse cast, and the price that was paid. Plot point by plot point, there were no delays. Henry remembers the days of his life, his family, his friends, the accompanying strife. Emma’s the key to defeating the witch, but Regina’s love breaks the spell… what a switch! Plus they’re the monkeys on glorious wing, all in this week’s episode “A Curious Thing”. Episode 75 – Pretty, Sneaky Sis (S03E18) - Zelena sneeks up to pay Regina a visit. Our Wicked Witch has a mystery daddy... Who is it? Young Cora’s naive, so she’s easily convinced that one called a gardner could be called a prince. A séance is Storybrooke? Ain’t that the most? The gang gathers round to summon a ghost. Everybody finds out about Z’s wicked plan to turn back the clocks throughout all of the lands. No one can rest when the baby is due all in this week’s episode “Bleeding Through”. Episode 74 – Land Pirates (S03E17) - Ariel’s back and on the hunt for her prince. With Hook on her side victory seems a cinch. In the year gone he hurts and betrays her. Back in the present a charmed cloak only sprays her. Regina takes Emma to teach her some spells. Queen’s ready to put this savior through Hell. Zalina’s unmasked as the friendly mermaid, and she cast a curse to see Emma betrayed. Hook loves her so much that he mustn’t snog her, all in this week’s episode “Jolly Roger”. Episode 13 (WL) – Wonderland Wrap-Up LIVE! (audio) Wonderland S01) - Join us for our LIVE Wonderland Wrap-Up with tons of guests including fellow Once Upon a Time Podcasters, former guests, trivia, and more! Our guests: Annemarie Amy P. = @ on twitter or life of a bookworm on tumblr Daniel J. Lewis, ONCE and WONDERLAND podcasts Bobby Hawke Jeff Roney and Colleen Roney of Once Upon A Time Fan Podcast Patty Mouro, http://sage-earth.tumblr.com/ Wynn Mercere, City of the Gods Hope Mullinax, onceuponanobsession.tumblr.com Episode 13 (WL) – Wonderland Wrap-Up LIVE! (video) Wonderland S01) - Join us for our LIVE Wonderland Wrap-Up with tons of guests including fellow Once Upon a Time Podcasters, former guests, trivia, and more! Our guests: Annemarie Amy P. = @ on twitter or life of a bookworm on tumblr Daniel J. Lewis, ONCE and WONDERLAND podcasts Bobby Hawke Jeff Roney and Colleen Roney of Once Upon A Time Fan Podcast Patty Mouro, http://sage-earth.tumblr.com/ Wynn Mercere, City of the Gods Hope Mullinax, onceuponanobsession.tumblr.com Episode 72 – The OZ (S03E16) - A twister! A twister! Zelina in Oz. Her powers give her new parents some pause. The Wizard is waiting with her silver slippers. She leaves to find Rumple who’s suddenly chipper. In Storybrooke now she’s baiting Regina (Main Street at sundown her chosen arena). Her sister’s heart is what she is after, the absence of which sounds Regina’s laughter. She’s changing the past… at least that’s what we gleen… in this week’s new episode “It’s Not Easy Being Green”. Episode 12 (WL) – Alice vs. Jafar (Wonderland S01E13) - Jafar goes sadistic now that magic is broke. Daddy dies, Ana doesn’t, Jabber gets a good poke. Amara agrees to take a quick swim so evil won’t triumph and Alice will win. Many loose ends gets tied in a knot… the end of the story, the wrap of the plot. Happy endings abound. The cheese we forgive. We say goodbye to Wonderland in this week’s episode “And They Lived…”. We are joined by listener Christine Xu. Episode 70 – Twilight of the Shipping Wars (S03E15) - The hunt for the witch is right where it started. The Witch is concerned now that Rumple’s departed. Neal shows his face, then the face of his father. Rumple gives Emma the witch’s name (Oh, bother). In the lost year: Belle and Neal raise the dead, a deed Neal pays for with his head. ONCEers in mourning, the shipping wars were unkind… all in this week’s episode “Quiet Minds”. Episode 11 (WL) – Alice vs. All the Queen’s Men (Wonderland S01E12) - Alice and Will have their first meetup. The Red Queen is shown in brief with her feet up. Modern Will's on a mission to bring her back from the grave... a terrible task for a lovable knave. He defects and falters in the name of true love until Alice falls off of the cliffs high above. They team up with Jabber to bring Jafar down. "Wild card" Amara makes him look like a clown. Everybody in Wonderland is filled with real grief in this week's episode "To Catch a Thief". We are joined by listener Dawn Owar. Episode 68 – Call the Midwife (S03E14) - Charming gets spooked in the year that we lost. Having a baby always comes with a cost. Snow gets a midwife in Storybrooke now, but Charming’s scared of his double (and how!). Rumple’s still penned up and crazy as nails, spinning his wheels in his storm shelter jail. Courage is claimed with a root stole from Belle, the same one taken by the freaked Rapunzel. The Wicked Witch has plans to bolster her power, in this week’s spanking new episode “The Tower”. Episode 10 (WL) – Alice vs. The Refrigerator (Wonderland S01E10) - Cora returns to inspire ambition. In the past she conspires to make a queen a magician. Alice and Cyrus travel to a familiar town, where a lamp is the villain that almost takes them down. Everyone’s looking for Will Scarlet’s heart because without it Jafar’s spell can’t start. It’s presence brings love, a reveal, and a splatter. It’s all in this week’s new episode “Heart of the Matter”. We are joined by listener Martine Schmit. Episode 66 – 1-800-ROBINHOOD (S03E13) - Everyone’s back in Storybrooke now. They remember when, they just aren’t sure how. Swan and Regina cook up a ruse, one which they hope will tell them who’s cast the new curse and returned them to Earth. Zelina’s going to help Snow give birth. Is the witch the queen’s sister? Or is it a clever front? Give Rumple some food, and enjoy this “Witch Hunt”. PLUS... somebody wins some Wicked Tea by entering our contest! Episode 9 (WL) – Alice vs. Red Queen Redemption (Wonderland S01E10) - The Jaberwock runs wild, while our heroes split up. Lizard’s still dead with her eyes in a cup. Those eyes tell the villains the queen has the bottle, taking their plans from slow to full throttle. Our heroes split up… Who’s advising these guys? Jabberwocky takes Queen and Will by surprise. Cyrus and Alice open the door to his past, then confront the well girl for the spell that she cast. By the end of the day their all at their weakest, due to the Red Queen’s Dirty Little Secrets. We are joined by listener Annemarie Davelaar. Episode 64 – Repilot (S03E12) - Emma has finally moved on with Henry, but she’d miss her family if she still had the memory. Hook has a potion, crafted with precision, but it’s not very helpful while stuck in a prison. The Storybrooke people land in storybook places, where flying monkeys put them through their paces. Flying monkeys, you say? Universally hated, except for the monkey Emma just dated. He’s gone. So’s the life, but Storybrooke’s back in spades. All in this week’s episode “New York City Serenade”. PLUS... win some Wicked Tea by entering our contest! Episode 8 (WL) – Alice vs Her Trust Issues (Wonderland S01E08) - The Knave’s now a genie, and Lizard his master. He’s a little slow so she has to move faster. Alice is cranky about their third wheel. She just knows the queen is looking to steal. Jafar hunts for a monster, Will wishes for beer, all in this week’s episode “Nothing to Fear”. We are joined by listener Annemarie Davelaar. Episode 62 – Interview with Emma from Lytherus.com In this special episode we talk with Emma from Lytherus.com about ONCE, Wonderland, podcasting, and a bunch of other fun stuff. Note: This was recorded a few months back so we might sound a little behind. Join us next week to discuss the ONCE Premiere! Episode 61 – Hope of All Trades In this special episode we talk ONCE Season 3A with Hope and Anthony on her show Hope of All Trades. WARNING: This episode may contain adult material... and magic juice. We'll have another special episode tomorrow if you are easily offended. Episode 60 – Funeral for Our Friends Tonight is the night we remember who’s passed. With so many characters it’s quite hard to last. Rest in peace, villains (like Cora and Pan), you who took our hearts in support of your plans. Goodbye to the one-offs like Gaston and Medusa, who left far too soon due to some sad producer. And if you have no idea why we’re making a fuss-fuss, it’s all an excuse to say farewell to Gus Gus. Episode 59 – Funday Night Spoiler Party Join Bill and Anne Marie as they run down all the latest news and rumors for the rest of Season 3. We also read a ton of your feedback about the season thus far. Grab your magic juice… it’s time for a spoiler party! Show Notes Letters start around 29:30. ‘Once Upon a Time’ scoop: […] Episode 58 – Mid-Season Loosey-Goosey (Season 3 Part 1) - Tonight’s episode is without rhyme or reason. We’re talking with folks about ONCE’s half-season. We’ll talk about Pan and his self-obsessed stories, and analyze Emma’s plate of new worries. We have a lot of feedback from people who listen, some of them wrecked and wracked with contrition. In this episode we’ll pick up the slack whilst we wait for ONCE to finally come back. We're joined by Debby Deb Deb Deb Deborah Kienzle (@snowbunnie143 on Twitter) and Jason George. Episode 57 – Doctor Who: Time of the Doctor Special (Time of the Doctor) - We are joined by Patrick Delahanty (AnimeCons.com/@PDelahanty on Twitter) and Christine Xu (@squishat on Twitter) as we discuss the Doctor Who Christmas Special Time of the Doctor. We talk the war on Trenzalore, regenerations, Capaldi, and pour one out for Handles the Cyber-Head. Eleven's hour is over now. The clock is striking twelve's. Episode 56 – Hope Floats (S03E11) - A new curse is coming thanks to Felix’s heart. The heroes take action, everyone plays a part. The Neverland crew, with Charming in tow, find the Dark Fairy’s wand where Blue had it stowed. She’s alive, by the way, and poor Rumple isn’t, but in his last bow he’s a master tactician. The curse can be broken, but it comes with a cost. The love of Regina’s life, Henry, is lost. But he’ll be okay in New York with Mom Emma, that is until a knock from a dashing young fella. The rest return to the forest, never more to roam, in this week’s new episode “Going Home”. Episode 7 (WL) – Alice vs the Cloudy Day (Wonderland S01E08) -Alice gets hurt then gets help from a rabbit who’s husband has made troubling Alice a habit. He makes amends by taking her to her love, as a cloud from Jafar approaches from above. Bottles get traded, painted, and broken, and the head of a Tweedle makes a great token. The half-season is over, yet our heroes still roam… all in this week’s episode “Home”. We are joined by listener Annemarie Davelaar. Episode 54 – Panry (S03E10) - A pirate ship appears in the Storybrooke skies. Our crew made it back, and they brought a surprise. Henry and Pan got switched around, and nobody knows till the shadow’s around. We see Snow’s honeymoon and Medusa’s sweet hairdo, and back in the present we all start to feel Blue. Pan has a scroll and wants to rebrand all in this week’s “New Neverland”. Episode 6 (WL) – Alice vs the Deadbeat Dads (Wonderland S01E07) - We travel to Agrabah to see Jafar’s trials. The Sultan’s his daddy but he’s in denial. Alice’s dad gets thrown in a cage. Why Jafar looks just like him is harder to gauge. Jafar gets a clear motive he wants to change magic. Alice forgives Dad who’s prayers aren’t sporadic. Alice and Will’s plan is a dud... all in the week’s episode “Bad Blood”. Episode 52 – Hashtag Save Henry (S03E09) - We talk about blood magic, pixie dust, Neil's relationship with Rumple, the adoption of Henry, Regina leaving Storybrooke, and what the future holds for Robbie Kay on ONCE during our dissection of this week's episode "Save Henry". Plus: Let us know what episodes you want us to record commentaries for over break. Episode 5 (WL) – Alice vs the Bloody Carpenter (Wonderland S01E06) - Our flashback this week shows us Alice’s homelife. Sadly her daddy has a new kid and new wife. Cyrus is running. The Red Queen close behind. Our girl doesn’t care. She’s hung up on vines. The Knave tries to save her, though she treats him with malice... all in this week’s episode “Who’s Alice?”. We are joined by Jill Pantozzi, Associate Editor at The Mary Sue. Episode 50 – Doctor Who 50th Anniversary Special (Day of the Doctor) – We are joined by Patrick Delahanty (AnimeCons.com/@PDelahanty on Twitter) and Deborah Kienzle (@snowbunnie143 on Twitter) as we discuss the 50th Anniversary Doctor Who Special Day of the Doctor. We talk John Hurt, the Time War, Billie Piper, David Tennant, Matt Smith, and the events of the astounding movie-length episode. It’s also our 50th episode coincidentally […] Episode 49 – Stupid Stupid Stupid Henry (S03E08) - What you wanted to know about Peter, but were afraid to ask. Rumple’s father finally shows up, and he’s a fan of the flask. The good guys track Henry and Pan to Skull Island, where Pan aims to take Henry out ‘fore they find him. The shadow does speak and Rumple gets caught, all in this weeks ep. “Think Lovely Thoughts”. Episode 4 (WL) – Alice vs. Creepy Alice (Wonderland S01E04/S01E05) - The Queen makes Alice cross the Great Divide while Cyrus attempts to get out from inside. Jafar cuts the foot of our brave little rabbit, while we see Anastasia make ambition her habit. Our heroine faces off against a creepy young Alice, and does the right thing though her heart’s filled with Malice. And we see the Red Queen ascend to the throne in this week’s episode “Heart of Stone”. Episode 47 – Under The Dome (S03E07) - Greetings from Storybrooke, that forgotten town, a place unprotected until Belle’s dome comes down. Emma, Hook, and Bae hunt for Pan’s fighter, but the boys come to blows over Bae’s zippo lighter. The old tale of Pan gets further fleshed-out, what with those British strangers knocking about, and for Henry Pan’s plan is easy to swallow, all in this week’s episode “Dark Hollow”. Episode 46 – Of Mermaids and Men (S03E06) – The Little Mermaid saves Snow from the Queen’s men. Hook shows the team where Neal has been. Rumple and Regina hatch a plan to #SaveHenry, and we find out that Belle is just Pan being creepy. Everybody tells secrets to save Baelfire’s bacon, and the fate of Swanfire is finally shaken. Are Rumple and […] Episode 45 – Letters From Storybrooke #1 Bill and Anne Marie sit down after a late Halloween party to respond to ALL of the listener feedback cluttering up our Gmail account. Listen as we declare INBOX ZERO on a very special Greeetings From Storybrooke... written by YOU, the listeners. Episode 44 – Pirate Shipping (S03E05) - Charming and Hook take a trip up the mountain for magical water from a magical fountain. We see Killian Jones hang out with his brother, but that ends quickly when Neverland's discovered. Henry get a message and thinks up a sword, then Pan adds a cage to the cages he's stored. Captain Swan kisses become the new norm, in the week's episode "Good Form". Episode 3 (WL) – Alice vs. The Disco Opium Den (Wonderland S01E03) - The knave gets a backstory as a man who was merry, Alice fights two creatures (both are quite hairy). As Scarlet the knave steals for his lover, and that lover’s identity is finally uncovered. Cyrus tricks the baddies and their plan goes to pot, all in this week’s episode “Forget Me Knot”. Also Bill's old college roommate Jason George joins us! It's a ton of fun. Episode 42 – Gotta Have Faith (S03E04) - We find out that Pan knew the Dark one beforehand, then they had a fight and Pan went to Neverland. Emma and family look for a way out, luckily Neil leaves some coconuts about. A father and son steal some squid ink and dab it, but nothing saves Henry in this week’s “Nasty Habits”. Episode 2 (WL) – Alice vs. The Ferry Fairy (Wonderland S01E02) - Alice and Cyrus swear their love in the past, then the Knave tells Alice that love never lasts. The pair take a ride on a mock turtle island, while Cyrus does crafts from inside the asylum. The Queen gets some leverage, and just a touch lusty, all in in this week’s episode “Trust Me”. Also our #1 fan Wynn Mercere of City of the Gods fame joins us. Dive in! Episode 40 – The Hobo Connection (S03E03) - Pan tries to make Henry change all his stances, while everybody else tries to take second chances. Tinkerbell finds Regina’s true love faire, but Regina runs off ‘cause Regina is scared. Neil calls in a favor to go find his son, and the savior we know is not the right one. A check-in on Prince Charming? He’ll soon be buried in the episode after “Quite a Common Fairy”. Episode 1 (WL) – Alice vs. Marshmallow Fluff (Wonderland S01E01) - We give our initial reactions to the first episode of Wonderland DOWN THE RABIT HOLE. Also, Roberto Villegas of CosmicRadio.tv,a man who has never seen an episode of Once Upon A Time, watched the first episode of Once Upon A Time in Wonderland for us and comes on to discuss it. Episode 0 (WL) – Alice vs. The Test Episode Once Upon A Time in Wonderland premieres tomorrow night. Want to follow along with us? Just follow the show as normal or subscribe to our Wonderland feed here: http://www.greetingsfromstorybrooke.com/category/episodes/wonderland/feed/ Episode 37 – Orphan Stuff (S03E02) - All of our favorites are searching for Pan, while Rumple is off in his own Rumple land. A map Emma’s given, her true self will show it (that is if Regina’s magic don’t blow it). Charming tricks Snow with a smidgen of lying. Joke’s really on him because now he is dying. Pan’s plan for the clan continue to unfurl in this week’s thrilling episode “Lost Girl”. Episode 36 – Rumplenogoldskin (S03E01) – The Jolly Roger emerges in Neverland’s ocean where a mermaid attack causes commotion. Neal takes a trip home with his new pal Mulan, while Regina and Hook vow to follow Ms. Swan. Rumple goes rogue and is mostly annoyed, especially towards that tall-ish Lost Boy. Pan thinks that Henry’s an overachiever in this week’s […] Episode 35 – Once Upon a Time Podcasters Roundtable Bill joins Once Upon A Time podcasters throughout the realm to recap Season 2 and look ahead to Season 3! We talk theories, characters, and more! Big thanks to Daniel from ONCE Podcast for putting it together. Panel Bill Meeks from Greetings from Storybrooke Bud Vander Kaay from Storybrooke News Report Kevin Gallagher from OUaT – […] Episode 35 – Once Upon a Time Podcasters Roundtable (Video) Bill joins Once Upon A Time podcasters throughout the realm to recap Season 2 and look ahead to Season 3! We talk theories, characters, and more! Big thanks to Daniel from ONCE Podcast for putting it together. Panel Bill Meeks from Greetings from Storybrooke Bud Vander Kaay from Storybrooke News Report Kevin Gallagher from OUaT – […] Episode 34 – Saturday Night Spoiler Party Bill and Anne Marie are joined by GFS fan Deborah Kienzle (@snowbunnie143 on Twitter) to talk about all the news, previews, and misguided promo pics as we approach next week's two-hour season premiere! Thar be spoilers ahead, matey! Episode 33 – Husbands Press Conference feat. Jane Espenson Live from Dragon Con 2013 Jane Espenson (along with her Husbands co-writer Brad Bell) talks about the Husbands web series and comic books, Once Upon A Time, Caprica, and the roles of gender and sexuality in media. Recorded at Dragon Con 2013. Episode 32 – Once Upon It’s 2nd Season Fan Panel Live from Dragon Con 2013 Bill joins Once Upon A Time fans throughout the realm to discuss Season 2... and beyond! We talk favorite moments, storylines, "ships," and more! Recorded live at Dragon Con 2013. Big thanks to Rebecca at Operation Cobra Cast for providing us with the recording. Episode 32 (Video) – Once Upon It’s 2nd Season Fan Panel Live from Dragon Con 2013 Bill joins Once Upon A Time fans throughout the realm to discuss Season 2... and beyond! We talk favorite moments, storylines, "ships," and more! Recorded live at Dragon Con 2013. Big thanks to Rebecca at Operation Cobra Cast for providing us with the recording. Episode 31 – How To Start A Fancast Panel Live from Dragon Con 2013 This podcast is a recording of a fan panel done at Dragon*Con 2013. Listen in as Les Howard, Anne Marie DeSimone, Kevin, Stephanie Smith, Darrell Darnell and Justin Young cover “How To Start A Fancast” with the help of moderatorBill Meeks in this panel done in the Podcasting track. Episode 30 – Best of the First Year For episode 30 we decided to showcase some of our favorite moments from the first year of Greetings from Storybrooke. HEAR to all of our rhyming episode summaries. THRILL to the first mention of Gus Gus. SCREAM at the wild variation in audio quality. Plus all the details for our panels at Dragon*Con! Episode 29 – Monday Night Comicon Party It's been a couple months but Bill and Anne Marie are back to talk about all the ONCE news from San Diego's Comicon. We also have a special announcement about Dragon Con and talk about "shippers" and their place in the community. Hello again! Join us! Episode 28 – Operation Cobra Crossover Bill makes a special appearance on the Operation Cobra Podcast to read the lesser known Grimm's Fairy Tale Six Soldiers of Fortune. This presentation of Operation Cobra Podcast Theater features Bill Meeks (of Greetings From Storybrooke) reading the story of six comrades who outsmart a king in "Six Soldiers of Fortune". Announcer: David Sears Theme Music: Ben Scott Sound Effects Provided By: FreeSFX and Bill Meeks Editor: Rebecca Johnson Episode 27 – Once Upon a Time Podcasters Roundtable Bill joins Once Upon A Time podcasters throughout the realm to discuss Season 2... and beyond! We talk theories, characters, and more! Episode 27 (Video) – Once Upon a Time Podcasters Roundtable Bill joins Once Upon A Time podcasters throughout the realm to discuss Season 2... and beyond! We talk theories, characters, and more! Episode 26 – Lost Boy (S02E22) - Storybrooke shakes when the trigger is hit. The Storybrooke stranger is the one who did it. Belle’s memory comes back thanks to a blue potion, and her goodbye to Rumple is filled with emotion. The whole cast sails off. Hook helps without warning in this week’s episode Straight on Till Morning. Plus our contest winner! Episode 25 – Never Neverland (S02E21) - Regina is missing. The Charmings are scared. The Queen’s getting tortured. She’s a little impaired. Greg and Tamara are working for someone, and the treasure Greg finds isn’t a fun one. A shadow takes Bae on a magical flight, all in this week’s episode Second Star to the Right. Episode 24 – Regina’s Beans (S02E20) - Greg and Tamara are out to kill magic. Snow gets through to Queeny but the ending is tragic. Emma and Henry start a new operation, and the beans are burned down at the secret plantation. Storybrooke is in danger and Malificent’s seen, all in this week’s episode The Evil Queen. Episode 23 – Sheriff of Naughtyham Belle’s memory’s restored, but it’s not what’s expected. Greg and Tamara have Hook and they’ve both defected. Rumplestiltskin goes “full evil” for love, after the love of his life gives him a shove. Emma spills the beans and Nottingham’s racy... all in this week’s episode Lacey. Episode 22 – Super Mega Episode (S02E17, S02E18) - We missed last week due to IRL obligations, but we heard your cries and are back with a SUPER MEGA EPISODE covering Welcome to Storybrooke and Selfless, Brave, and True. We're also joined by a Greetings From Storybrooke fan (Anthony Hooper) for our longest episode ever! Episode 21 – Heart-Shaped Box (S02E16) – We discuss "The Miller's Daughter", #OneMustDie, and Bill gives you a mini-review of Oz the Great and Powerful. Episode 20 – Johanna Did It (S02E15) - We meet Snow’s mom. She doesn’t survive. Rumple gets stabbed when Hook’s hook arrives. Bae’s stealing his ship as the dagger deals dread in this week’s episode “The Queen Is Dead”. Episode 19 (Video) – Once Upon a Time Podcasters Roundtable Bill and Anne Marie join Once Upon A Time podcasters throughout the realm to discuss our favorite show during the Oscars hiatus. We talk theories, characters, and more! Big thanks to Daniel from ONCE Podcast for putting it together. Episode 19 – Once Upon a Time Podcasters Roundtable #2 Bill and Anne Marie join Once Upon A Time podcasters throughout the realm to discuss our favorite show during the Oscars hiatus. We talk theories, characters, and more! Big thanks to Daniel from ONCE Podcast for putting it together. Episode 18 – Fractured Family Tales (S02E14) – Cora and Regina go after a dagger. Rumple’s normal but still has swagger. Bae is found by Emma, he’s bothered, especially when he learns of the boy that he fathered. Pre-”Dark One” Rumple is no General Patton… all in this week’s episode Manhattan. Show Notes Episode Ratings SPOILERS Canadian Trailer for The Queen […] Episode 17 – Jack & Jerk (S02E13) - Anton the giant runs away. Rumple confronts the TSA. James takes something shiny from the giant (who’s whiny) in this week’s new episode Tiny. Episode 16 – Friday Night Spoiler Party: Part Deux Bill and Anne Marie unite with Tim from Ontario to discuss trailers, preview clips, spoilers, and all the other stuff we usually save for the end of the show. Also, beer might make an appearance. It's our Friday Night Spoiler Party! You should come. Episode 15 – (S01E01) “Pilot” Commentary (S01E01) - Bill and Anne Marie sit down and rewatch the "fabled" pilot episode of Once Upon A Time and generally point out things that make sense now while making fun of the stuff that has changed. It's just like sitting down and watching the episode with us! Episode 14 – More Math (S02E12) – A stranger lies in a bed, dying. Dr. Whale fails, but he’s always trying. Regina reunites with her mother, in this week’s episode In The Name of the Brother. Show Notes Episode Ratings Exclusive Once Upon a Time First Look: Snow White’s Mother Comes to Fairy Tale Land Hear Raphael Sbarge (Jiminy/Archie) answer fan […] Episode 13 – Dear Dreamy (S02E11) - Belle thinks Mr. Gold’s swell, but Hook wants him to go straight to hell. Mulan meets Prince Phil, and Hopper’s unkilled in this week’s episode The Outsider. Episode 12 – Fisherman Fish (S02E10) - Hopper drops. Call the cops. Regina’s to blame? Or is it just another Cricket Game? Episode 11 – Friday Night Spoiler Party Bill and Anne Marie meet up on the eve of the return of Once Upon A Time to discuss trailers, preview clips, spoilers, and all the other stuff we usually save for the end of the show. Also, beer might make an appearance. It's our Friday Night Spoiler Party! You should come. Episode 10 (Video) – Once Upon a Time Podcasters Roundtable Bill joins Once Upon A Time podcasters throughout the realm to discuss our favorite show during the hiatus. We talk our podcasts, theories, characters and more! Big thanks to Daniel from ONCE Podcast for putting it together. List of participants: Bill Meeks from Greetings from Storybrooke Bri from Other Side of the Mirror Daniel J. […] Episode 10 – Once Upon a Time Podcasters Roundtable Bill joins Once Upon A Time podcasters throughout the realm to discuss our favorite show during the hiatus. We talk our podcasts, theories, characters and more! Episode 9 – I’m On A Boat Emma and Snow have someplace to go. Gold and Queeny use all their smarts. Hook meets the queens, and the baddies are teamed, in this week’s episode “Queen of Hearts”. Episode 8 – She’s The Sheriff The dead walk and the living sleep. Cora takes Aurora and makes her go ‘beep’. Emma and Snow’s journey is nearly complete, all in this week’s episode “Into the Deep.” Episode 7 – Into The Red Room Ruby embraces her wild side in the old land and the new one. Charming goes crown-to-crown with old King George. Rumple teaches Henry how to become a dreammaster, and Gus the mouse learns all about the Axe effect... all in this week’s episode “Child of the Moon.” Episode 6 – Two Glasses of Haterade Emma and Hook climb up a beanstalk to raid a LOST world and have some Fe-Fi-Fo-Fun while they’re at it. We learn the identity of Henry’s father and the mystery postcard-receiving man (Hint: they are one and the same). Aurora and Henry meet in the land of of dreams, and we never actually make it to a little town called Tallahassee, which is this week’s episode! #5 – Princess Quota Regina sees a shrink, but it’s a different doctor who turns her on her head. Yes, a man from another land seeks to raise the dead. And in the enchanted forest Snow & Emma learn to trust a villain, or at least tolerate him. Oh, and did we mention the undead monster? Secrets are revealed and there’s an awful lot of training in this week’s spooky episode ‘The Doctor’. Episode 4 – Sing Me A Story Killian Jones gets hooked on Mrs. Rumplestiltskin while back in Storybrooke Mr. Gold rings a Belle. Charming takes over as Storybrooke’s sheriff and Cora meets up with a friend for a day at the beach. Alliances form and bonds are broken in this week’s episode ‘The Crocodile.’ Episode 3 – How To Be A Parent Emma and Snow try to find a way home in the wreckage of the enchanted forest as they butt heads with Cora, the sorceress supreme. Henry learns about Regina’s vault and Charming learns why you should always include Henry in your epic quests. Plus, we get to see the Mad Hatter finally reunite with his long lost daughter. This week, it’s all about family. #2 – The B Is Back Bill and Anne Marie dive straight into Episode 2 'We Are Both.' We also discuss ratings, Emma's potential suitors, and welcome our favorite Evil Regal to Storybrooke. Also, the worlds we want to see behind the doors in Jefferson's hat. #1 – Regarding Henry Bill and Anne Marie breifly revisit the Season 1 finale then dive right into discussion of Season 2, Episode 1 'Broken'. We reveal how THIS PODCAST was in the episode. Also, WTF Henry?!?!? Also some interesting fan theories about the identity of Dr. Whale. #0 – Magic Is Coming Get ready! Once Upon A Time Season 2 starts this weeks... and so does our new podcast! Join Bill Meeks and Anne Marie DeSimone as we discuss what we love about the show and what we're looking forward to. E-mails can be sent to greetingsfromstorybrooke@gmail.com!