Please subscribe to - www.youtube.com/0nly1truth Type "Alzuridin" in the Archive search bar above to watch/listen/download more free Islamic files. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Ayatul-Kursi (2.255) بســــم الله الرحمن الرحيم اللَّهُ لاَ إِلَهَ إِلاَّ هُوَ الْحَيُّ الْقَيُّومُ لاَ تَأْخُذُهُ سِنَةٌ وَلاَ نَوْمٌ لَهُ مَا فِي السَّمَاوَاتِ وَمَا فِي الأَرْضِ مَنْ ذَا الَّذِي يَشْفَعُ عِنْدَهُ إِلاَّ بِإِذْنِهِ يَعْلَمُ مَا بَيْنَ أَيْدِيهِمْ وَمَا خَلْفَهُمْ وَلاَ يُحِيطُونَ بِشَيْءٍ مِنْ عِلْمِهِ إِلاَّ بِمَا شَاءَ وَسِعَ كُرْسِيُّهُ السَّمَاو ;َاتِ وَالأَرْضَ وَلاَ يَئُودُهُ حِفْظُهُمَا وَهُوَ الْعَلِيُّ الْعَظِيمُ Allaahu laaa ilaaha illaa huwal haiyul qai-yoom; laa taakhudhuhoo sinatunw wa laa nawm; lahoo maa fissamaawaati wa maa fil ard; man dhalladhee yashfa'u indahooo illaa be idhnih; ya'lamu maa baina aydeehim wa maa khalfahum; wa laa yuheetoona beshai 'immin 'ilmihee illa be maa shaaaa; wasi'a kursiyyuhus samaa waati wal arda wa la ya'ooduho hifdhuhumaa; wa huwal aliyyul 'adheem. (2.255. Allaah! None has the right to be worshipped but He, the Ever Living, the One Who sustains and protects all that exists. Neither slumber nor sleep overtakes Him. To Him belongs whatever is in the heavens and whatever is on the earth. Who is he that can intercede with Him except with His permission He knows what happens to them (His creatures) in this world, and what will happen to them in the Hereafter. And they will never compass anything of His Knowledge except that which He wills. His Kursi extends over the heavens and the earth, and He feels no fatigue in guarding and preserving them. And He is the Most High, the Most Great.) * The Virtue of Ayaat Al-Kursi * This is Ayaat Al-Kursi and tremendous virtues have been associated with it, for the authentic Hadith describes it as `the greatest Ayah in the Book of Allaah.' Imam Ahmad recorded that `Ubayy bin Ka`b said that the Prophet ﷺ asked him about the greatest Ayah in the Book of Allaah, and `Ubayy answered, "Allaah and His Messenger know better.'' When the Prophet ﷺ repeated his question several times, `Ubayy said, "Ayaat Al-Kursi.'' The Prophet ﷺ commented, «لِيَهْنِكَ الْعِلْمُ أَبَا الْمُنْذِرِ، وَالَّذِي نَفْسِي بِيَدِهِ، إِنَّ لَهَا لِسَانًا وَشَفَتَيْنِ، تُقَدِّسُ الْمَلِكَ عِنْدَ سَاقِ الْعَرْش» (Congratulations for having knowledge, O Abu Al-Mundhir! By He in Whose Hand is my soul! This Ayah has a tongue and two lips with which she praises the King (Allaah) next to the leg of the Throne.) This Hadith was also collected by Muslim, but he did not include the part that starts with, "By He in Whose Hand...'' Al-Bukhari recorded a story in his Sahih from Abu Hurayrah, in the chapters on the virtues of the Qur'an and the description of Shaytan. In this narration, Abu Hurayrah said, "Allaah's Messenger ﷺ assigned me to keep watch over the Sadaqah (charity) of Ramadan. A person snuck in and started taking handfuls of foodstuff. I caught him and said, `By Allaah, I will take you to Allaah's Messenger.' He said, `Release me, for I am meek and have many dependents and am in great need.' I released him, and in the morning Allaah's Messenger asked me, `What did your prisoner do yesterday, O Abu Hurayrah' I said, `O Allaah's Messenger! He complained of being needy and of having many dependents, so I pitied him and let him go.' Allaah's Messenger ﷺ said, `Indeed, he told you a lie and will be coming again.' I believed that he would show up again, for Allaah's Messenger had told me that he would return. So, I watched for him. When he (showed up and) started stealing handfuls of foodstuff, I caught hold of him again and said, `I will definitely take you to Allaah's Messenger.' He said, `Leave me, for I am very needy and have many dependents. I promise I will not come back again.' I pitied him and let him go. In the morning Allaah's Messenger ﷺ asked me, `What did your prisoner do last night, O Abu Hurayrah!' I replied, `O Allaah's Messenger! He complained of his great need and of too many dependents, so I took pity on him and set him free.' Allaah's Messenger ﷺ said, `Verily, he told you a lie; he will return.' I waited for him attentively for the third time, and when he (came and) started stealing handfuls of the foodstuff, I caught hold of him and said, `I will surely take you to Allaah's Messenger as it is the third time you promised not to return, yet you returned.' He said, `Let me teach you some words which Allaah will give you benefit from.' I asked, `What are they' He replied, `Whenever you go to bed, recite Ayat Al-Kursi- Allaahu laa ilaaha illa Huwal-Hayyul-Qayyum, till you finish the whole verse. (If you do so), Allaah will appoint a guard for you who will stay with you, and no Shaytan will come near you until morning.' So, I released him. In the morning, Allaah's Messenger ﷺ asked, `What did your prisoner do yesterday' I replied, `O Allah's Messenger! He claimed that he would teach me some words by which Allaah will grant me some benefit, so I let him go.' Allaah's Messenger asked ﷺ, `What are they' I replied, `He said to me: Whenever you go to bed, recite Ayat Al-Kursi from the beginning to the end, Allaahu laa ilaaha illa Huwal-Hayyul-Qayyum. He further said to me: (If you do so), Allaah will appoint a guard for you who will stay with you, and no Shaytan will come near you until morning.' (One of the narrators) then commented that they (the Companions) were very keen to do good deeds. The Prophet ﷺ said, `He spoke the truth, although he is a liar. Do you know whom you were talking to, these three nights, O Abu Hurayrah' Abu Hurayrah said, `No.' He said, `It was Shaytan.''' An-Nasa'i also recorded this Hadith in Al-Yawm wa Al-Laylah. * Allaah's Greatest Name is in Ayaat Al-Kursi * Imam Ahmad recorded that Asma' bint Yazid bin As-Sakan said, "I heard the Messenger of Allaah ﷺ say about these two Ayaat, (اللَّهُ لاَ إِلَـهَ إِلاَّ هُوَ الْحَىُّ الْقَيُّومُ) (Allaah! None has the right to be worshipped but He, the Ever Living, the One Who sustains and protects all that exists) (2:255), and, (الم - ٱللَّهُ لَآ إِلَـٰهَ إِلَّا هُوَ ٱلْحَىُّ ٱلْقَيُّومُ) (Alif-Laam-Meem. Allaah! None has the right to be worshipped but He, the Ever Living, the One Who sustains and protects all that exists) (3:1-2), «إِنَّ فِيهِمَا اسْمَ اللهِ الْأَعْظَم» * They contain Allaah's Greatest Name * This is also the narration collected by Abu Dawud, At-Tirmidhi and Ibn Majah, and At-Tirmidhi said, "Hasan Sahih''. Further, Ibn Marduwyah recorded that Abu Umamah reported that the Prophet ﷺ said, «اسْمُ اللهِ الْأَعْظَمُ، الَّذِي إِذَا دُعِيَ بِهِ أَجَابَ، فِي ثَلَاثٍ: سُورَةِ الْبَقَرَةِ وَآلِ عِمْرَانَ وَطه» (Allaah's Greatest Name, if He was supplicated with it, He answers the supplication, is in three Surahs - Al-Baqarah, Al `Imran and Ta-Ha.) Hisham bin `Ammar, the Khatib (orator) of Damascus (one of the narrators in the above narration), said, "As for Al-Baqarah, it is in, (اللَّهُ لاَ إِلَـهَ إِلاَّ هُوَ الْحَىُّ الْقَيُّومُ) (Allaah! None has the right to be worshipped but He, the Ever Living, the One Who sustains and protects all that exists) (2:255); in Al `Imraan, it is in, (الم - ذَلِكَ الْكِتَابُ لاَ رَيْبَ فِيهِ هُدًى لِّلْمُتَّقِينَ) (Alif-Laam-Meem. Allaah! None has the right to be worshipped but He, the Ever Living, the One Who sustains and protects all that exists) (3:1-2), while in Ta-Ha, it is in, (وَعَنَتِ الْوُجُوهُ لِلْحَىِّ الْقَيُّومِ) (And (all) faces shall be humbled before (Allaah), the Ever Living, the One Who sustains and protects all that exists) (20:111).'' * Ayaat Al-Kursi has Ten Complete Arabic Sentences * 1. Allaah's statement, (اللَّهُ لاَ إِلَـهَ إِلاَّ هُوَ) (Allaah! None has the right to be worshipped but He) mentions that Allaah is the One and Only Lord of all creation. 2. Allaah's statement, (الْحَىُّ الْقَيُّومُ) (Al-Hayyul-Qayyum) testifies that Allaah is the Ever Living, Who never dies, Who sustains everyone and everything. All creation stands in need of Allaah and totally relies on Him, while He is the Most Rich, Who stands in need of nothing created. Similarly, Allaah said, (وَمِنْ ءَايَـتِهِ أَن تَقُومَ السَّمَآءُ وَالاٌّرْضُ بِأَمْرِهِ) (And among His signs is that the heaven and the earth stand by His command) ﴿30:25﴾. 3. Allaah's statement, (لاَ تَأْخُذُهُ سِنَةٌ وَلاَ نَوْمٌ) (Neither slumber nor sleep overtakes Him) means, no shortcoming, unawareness or ignorance ever touches Allaah. Rather, He is aware of, and controls what every soul earns, has perfect watch over everything, nothing escapes His knowledge, and no secret matter is secret to Him. Among His perfect attributes, is the fact that He is never effected by slumber or sleep. Therefore, Allaah's statement, (لاَ تَأْخُذُهُ سِنَةٌ) (Neither slumber overtakes Him) indicates that no unawareness due to slumber ever overtakes Allaah. Allaah said afterwards, (وَلاَ نَوْمٌ) (nor sleep), which is stronger than slumber. It is recorded in the Sahih that Abu Musa said, "The Messenger of Allaah ﷺ delivered a speech regarding four words: «إِنَّ اللهَللهَلا يَنَامُ، وَلَا يَنْبَغِي لَهُ أَنْ يَنَامَ، يَخْفِضُ الْقِسْطَ وَيَرْفَعُهُ، يُرْفَعُ إِلَيْهِ عَمَلُ النَّهَارِ قَبْلَ عَمَلِ اللَّيْلِ، وَعَمَلُ اللَّيْلِ قَبْلَ عَمَلِ النَّهَارِ، حِجَابُهُ النُّورُ أَوِ النَّارُ لَوْ كَشَفَهُ لَأَحْرَقَتْ سُبُحَاتُ وَجْهِهِ مَا انْتَهَى إِلَيْهِ بَصَرُهُ مِنْ خَلْقِه» (Allaah does not sleep, and it does not befit His majesty that He sleeps. He lowers the scales and raises them. The deeds of the day are resurrected in front of Him before the deeds of the night, and the deeds of the night before the deeds of the day. His Veil is light, or fire, and if He removes it, the rays from His Face would burn whatever His sight reaches of His creation.) 4. Allaah's statement, (لَّهُ مَا فِي السَّمَـوَاتِ وَمَا فِي الاٌّرْضِ) (To Him belongs whatever is in the heavens and whatever is on the earth) indicates that everyone is a servant for Allaah, a part of His kingdom and under His power and authority. Similarly, Allaah said, (إِن كُلُّ مَن فِى السَّمَـوَتِ وَالاٌّرْضِ إِلاَّ آتِى الرَّحْمَـنِ عَبْداً - لَّقَدْ أَحْصَـهُمْ وَعَدَّهُمْ عَدّاً - وَكُلُّهُمْ ءَاتِيهِ يَوْمَ الْقِيَـمَةِ فَرْداً) (There is none in the heavens and the earth but comes unto the Most Gracious (Allaah) as a servant. Verily, He knows each one of them, and has counted them a full counting. And everyone of them will come to Him alone on the Day of Resurrection (without any helper, or protector or defender)) (19:93-95). 5. Allaah's statement, (مَن ذَا الَّذِى يَشْفَعُ عِندَهُ إِلاَّ بِإِذْنِهِ) (Who is he that can intercede with Him except with His permission) is similar to His statements, (وَكَمْ مِّن مَّلَكٍ فِى السَّمَـوَتِ لاَ تُغْنِى شَفَـعَتُهُمْ شَيْئاً إِلاَّ مِن بَعْدِ أَن يَأْذَنَ اللَّهُ لِمَن يَشَآءُ وَيَرْضَى) (And there are many angels in the heavens, whose intercession will avail nothing except after Allaah has given leave for whom He wills and is pleased with) (53:26), and, (وَلاَ يَشْفَعُونَ إِلاَّ لِمَنِ ارْتَضَى) (They cannot intercede except for him with whom He is pleased) (21:28). These Ayaat assert Allaah's greatness, pride, and grace, and that no one dares to intercede with Him on behalf of anyone else, except by His permission. Indeed, the Hadith about the intercession, states that the Prophet ﷺ said, «آتِي تَحْتَ الْعَرْشِ فَأَخِرُّ سَاجِدًا، فَيَدَعُنِي مَا شَاءَ اللهُ أَنْ يَدَعَنِي. ثُمَّ يُقَالُ: ارْفَعْ رَأْسَكَ، وَقُلْ تُسْمَعْ، وَاشْفَعْ تُشَفَّعْ قَالَ: فَيَحُدُّ لِي حَدًّا فَأُدْخِلُهُمُ الْجَنَّة» (I will stand under the Throne and fall in prostration, and Allaah will allow me to remain in that position as much as He wills. I will thereafter be told, "Raise your head, speak and you will be heard, intercede and your intercession will be accepted''. The Prophet ﷺ then said, "He will allow me a proportion whom I will enter into Paradise.'') 6. Allaah's statement, (يَعْلَمُ مَا بَيْنَ أَيْدِيهِمْ وَمَا خَلْفَهُمْ) (He knows what happens to them (His creatures) in this world, and what will happen to them in the Hereafter) this refers to His perfect knowledge of all creation; its past, present and future. Similarly, Allaah said that the angels proclaimed; (وَمَا نَتَنَزَّلُ إِلاَّ بِأَمْرِ رَبِّكَ لَهُ مَا بَيْنَ أَيْدِينَا وَمَا خَلْفَنَا وَمَا بَيْنَ ذلِكَ وَمَا كَانَ رَبُّكَ نَسِيّاً) (And we (angels) descend not except by the command of your Lord (O Muhammad ). To Him belongs what is before us and what is behind us, and what is between those two; and your Lord is never forgetful) (19:64). 7. Allaah's statement, (وَلاَ يُحِيطُونَ بِشَيْءٍ مِّنْ عِلْمِهِ إِلاَّ بِمَا شَآءَ) (And they will never compass anything of His Knowledge except that which He wills), asserts the fact that no one attains any part of Allaah's knowledge except what Allaah conveys and allows. This part of the Ayah indicates that no one ever acquires knowledge of Allaah and in His Attributes, except what He conveys to them. For instance, Allaah said, (وَلاَ يُحِيطُونَ بِهِ عِلْماً) (But they will never compass anything of His knowledge) (20: 110). 8. Allaah said, (وَسِعَ كُرْسِيُّهُ السَّمَـوَاتِ وَالاٌّرْضَ) (His Kursi extends over the heavens and the earth.) Waki` narrated in his Tafsir that Ibn `Abbas said, "Kursi is the footstool, and no one is able to give due consideration to (Allaah's) Throne.'' Al-Hakim recorded this Hadith in his Mustadrak from Ibn `Abbas, who did not relate it to the Prophet ﷺ . Al-Hakim said, "It is Sahih according to the criteria of the Two Sahihs, and they (Al-Bukhari and Muslim) did not record it.'' In addition, Ad-Dahhak said that Ibn `Abbas said, "If the seven heavens and the seven earths were flattened and laid side by side, they would add up to the size of a ring in a desert, compared to the Kursi.'' 9. Allaah said, (وَلاَ يَؤُودُهُ حِفْظُهُمَا) (And He feels no fatigue in guarding and preserving them) meaning, it does not burden or cause Him fatigue to protect the heavens and earth and all that is in between them. Rather, this is an easy matter for Him. Further, Allaah sustains everything, has perfect watch over everything, nothing ever escapes His knowledge and no matter is ever a secret to Him. All matters are insignificant, modest and humble before Him. He is the Most Rich, worthy of all praise. He does what He wills, and no one can ask Him about what He does, while they will be asked. He has supreme power over all things and perfect alertness concerning everything. He is the Most High, the Greatest, there is no deity worthy of worship except Him, and no Lord other than Him. 10. Allaah's statement, (وَهُوَ الْعَلِىُّ الْعَظِيمُ) (And He is the Most High, the Most Great) is similar to His statement, (الْكَبِيرُ الْمُتَعَالِ) (the Most Great, the Most High) (13:9). These and similar Ayaat and authentic Hadiths about Allaah's Attributes must be treated the way the Salaf (righteous ancestors) treated them by accepting their apparent meanings without equating them ﴿with the attributes of the creation﴾ or altering their apparent meanings. Abi Amama (radiAllaahu 'anhu) narrates that the Prophet ﷺ said: "Whosoever recites Ayat al Kursi after every Prayer then nothing can stop him from entering Paradise except for death (i.e. he will for sure enter paradise after death)." [Sunnan Nasai’i al Kubra, (6/30), At-Tabrani in his Al-Kabeer (8/114), Ibn Sunni in Amal al Yawm wal Layla (Page. 43), Imam al-Haythami in Majma az-Zawaid (10/106) where he declared the chain as “Hasan(fair)” and others] May Allaah (Subhaanahu wa ta 'Ala) bestow Mercy upon all the Qari's and Bless their efforts done in His Noble Cause in order to make His Word & Deen Superior above all others. May Allaah ('Azza wa Jal) Accept their efforts, Guide countless of people to the Religion of Truth - Al-Islaam through them, and Forgive them. May Allaah (Jalla Jalaalahu) Multiply all their sincere deeds by resonating the benefit of their works to later generations and Cause their legacy to continuously act as a guide to non-Muslims as well as a tool for Muslims to gain Eemaan, Taqwa, beneficial knowledge & Guidance until Yawmul-Qiyaamah and Cause it all to be a means of Sadaqah-Jaariyah & Pleasure for them in the Barzakh, and ultimately Grant them & their family Jannatul-Firdaws! Ameen! : ) ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- {Say (O Muhammad ﷺ): "Truth has (now) arrived, and Falsehood perished: for Falsehood is (by its nature) bound to perish."} (al-Qur'aan; 17.81) {Say (O Muhammad ﷺ): "I am only a man like you. It has been revealed to me that your ilah (God) is One ilah (God - i.e. Allaah). So whoever hopes for the Meeting with his Lord, let him work righteousness and associate none as a partner in the worship of his Lord."} (al-Qur'aan; 18.110) {Say (O Muhammad ﷺ): "If any men go astray, (Allaah) Most Gracious extends (the rope) to them, until, when they see the warning of Allaah (being fulfilled) - either in punishment or in (the approach of) the Hour,- they will at length realise who is worst in position, and (who is) weakest in forces!} (al-Qur'aan; 19.75) The last & final Prophet Muhammad (ﷺ) said; "If anyone testifies that None has the right to be worshipped but Allaah alone (One God) Who has no partners, and that Muhammad is His Slave and His Apostle, and that Jesus is Allaah's Slave and His Apostle and His Word which He bestowed on Mary and a Spirit created by Him, and that Jannah (Paradise) is true, and that Jahannam (Hell) is true, Allaah will admit him into Paradise with the deeds which he had done even if those deeds were few." (Saheeh al-Bukhari) {Say, (O Muhammad ﷺ): "This is my way, I call to Allaah (i.e. to the testification that none has the right to be worshipped except God, alone, with no partner) upon certain knowledge - I, and those who follow me. I declare Allaah free and far removed from all that they associate as partners with Him, and I am free of those who worship anything else along with Him."} (al-Qur'aan; 12.108) ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ************************************ ~ THERE CAN ONLY BE ONE TRUTH! ~ ************************************ ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Conveying the Truth to the entire world with the Niyah of a swift Da'wah & global Islamic awakening bi-idhnillaahi ta 'Ala. The Message of Allaah (Subhaanahu wa ta 'Ala) has no copyright and Allaah ('Azza wa Jal) is indeed Ar-Razzaaq. Therefore, make multitudinous copies and distribute freely. JazakumAllaahu-Khairan wa BarakAllaahu-Feekum Inshaa-Allaah! : ) ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Please type: "ALZURIDIN" in the Archive search bar above for many more beneficial Islamic files. Tags: 0 1 1st 2nd 3 3rd 4th 5 5th 6 6th 666 7 7th 8th 9 9th 10 10th 11 11th 13th 19 24 25th 33 50 72 99 100 Aadam Aakhira Aakhirah Aaron ABC Abolish Abolishment Abraham Abrahamic Abridged Abrogate Abrogation Accountability Acts AD Adab Adam Adhan Adi Adl Adn Adnan Advent Afterlife Afternoon Again Aggelos Agony Agnostic Agnosticism AH Ahad Ahmad Ahmadiyya Ahmed Ajr Akhira Akhirah Alcohol Alcoholic Aleister Alevi Al-Jazeera Allaah Allah Almighty Alone Alpha Al-Yasa America Anarchist Anbiyah Ancient Andrew Andrews Angel Angels Anglican Animism Annunciation Anti-Christ Announce Announcement Aphrodite Apocalypse Apocrypha Apollo Apostasy Apostate Apostle Apple Aqeedah Aqsa Arab Arabia Arabian Arabic Arrogance Aramaic Archbishop Archive Ares Arguments Ark Arrivals Art Artemis Article Artefacts AS Ascend Ascended Ascension Asceticism Asr Astray Atheism Atheist Athena Atone Atonement Authentic Awakening Aware Awareness Ayaat Ayah Ayat Ayoob Ayub Ayyoob Ayyub Azan Aztec Babil Babylon Babylonian Bad Bait Balance Bani Banee Baptism Baptist Baptize Barakah Barzakh BBC BC BCE Be Beads Bear Beard Bearer Beast Beautiful Beauty Beget Begotten Behold Beholder Beit Belief Believer Bell Bells Benjamin Benyamin Best Bethlehem Bhagavad-Gita Bible Billion Bin Biography Birth Birthday Bishop Blaspheme Blasphemy Bless Blessed Blessing Blind Bliss Blood Blunt BNP Board Bollywood Bondage Book Books Born Bow Bowing Box Brainwash Brainwashed Brainwashing Bread Bride Brotherhood Buddha Buddhism Buddhist Bukhari Burial Buried Calendar Calf Calvary Camel Canaan Canaanite Cardinal Carpenter Case Casket Cathedral Catholic Cauldron Cause Cave CE Celebrate Celebration Cemetery Ceremonial Ceremony Chain Chaldean Chamber Change Channel Chant Chanting Chapter Charity Charles Chaste Chastisement Chastity Children Chrisi Christ Christian Christianity Christmas Christos Choir Chorus Chronicles Church Cinema Circumcise Circumcision Clause Clear Clergy CNBC CNN Cocaine Coffin Collection College Colossians Comforter Commandment Commandments Commonalities Communion Communism Communist Comparative Compilation Concordance Confess Confession Conquest Conscience Conscious Consciousness Companion Comparative Compelling Confession Confucianism Congregation Contents Contradictions Conversion Convert Converted Convey Conveyed Conveying Convincing Corinthians Corner Corpus Council Court Courtyard Covenant Crack Cradle Cremation Creation Creationism Creator Creature Creatures Creed Crescent Cross Crow Crowd Crowley Cruci-Fiction Crucifiction Crucifix Crucifixion Crucify Crusade Crusaders Crusades Cult Cup Cure Cured Curing Custom Cut Daily Dajjaal Dajjal Daleel Daniel Dark Darkness Darwin Darwinism Dates David Da'wa Da'wah Dawah Dawn Dawood Day Days Deadly Death Debate Debates December Deception Declare Deedat Deeds Deen Degree Deify Deism Deity Deliver Demon Demonic Denomination Desert Despair Destiny Determination Deuteronomy Devil Devotion Dhikr Dhuhr Dhul-Kifl Die Died Diploma Disciple Disciples Discover Discovery Dispute Divine Divinity Divorce Djinn Doctor Doctrine Dome Dominion Donate Donation Donkey Doomsday Doubt Dr Dragon Dream Dreams Drugs Duhr Du'a Du'aa Dua Duaa Dunya Dust Duty Earth Eemaan East Easter Eden Education Educational Eesa Eesaa Effort Egypt Egyptian Eid Element Eleventh Eli Elias Elijah Elisha Eman Emmanuel Empire Enlightenment Enoch Ephesians Epiphany Epistle Estes Eternal Eternity Evangelical Evangelist Evans Eve Evening Evidence Evil Evolution Exhume Exhumed Exodus Exorcism Exorcist Express Expression Extravagance Eye Ezekiel Fable Fact Fajr Fairy Faith Faithless False Falsehood Family Fantasy Fard Farewell Fascism Fascist Fastest Fasting Fatawa Fate Father Fatwa Fear Fearing Feast Festival Fifth Film Films Findings Fire First Fiqh Fir'awn Firawn Fitna Fitnah Forbidden Forgive Forgiveness Forgiving Form Foundations Free Freedom Freemason Freemasonry Fundamentals Funeral Furqaan Furqan Gabriel Gain Galatians Garden Gate Gates Gathering Gay GCSE Genealogy Generosity Genesis Gentile Gentiles George Georges Ghost Glad Glory Glossary Gluttony God Goddess Godly Gods Gog Golden Golgotha Goliath Good Goodly Gospel Grace Granth Grave Graveyard Greed Greek Green Groom Ground Group Growing Guidance Guide Guiding Guilty Guru Hadeeth Hadith Hades Hagar Hagarism Hager Hagerism Hajj Halloween Halo Haman Hang Hanged Hanging Hanukah Happiness Haroon Haroot Harun Harut Hasan Hasanat Hasanah Haunted Hawa Heal Healed Healing Heathen Heaven Heavens Hebrew Hebrews Hell Hellfire Help Helper Helpers Hephaestus Her Hera Heraclius Hereafter Heresy Hermes Heroine Hestia Hidaya Hidayah Hidden Hijab Hijaab Him Hindi Hindu Hinduism Historic Historical History Hither Hollywood Holy Honor Honour Horror Horus Hud Huda Human Humankind Humble Humility Hurst Hussein Ibaada Ibaadah Ibaadat Ibada Ibadah Ibadat Iblees Iblis Ibn Ibraheem Ibrahim Idol Idolatry Idolize Idolise Idols Idrees Idris Ifreet Ifrit Ikhlas Illuminaati Illuminati Ilm Ilyas Imam Imaam Iman Imran Incest Index Indoctrinate Indoctrination Infidel Infidelity Injeel Injil Innocent Inspire Inspiration Integrity Interpretation Interpretations Intro Introduce Introducing Introduction Investigate Investigation Invocation Invoke Iqra Iqraa Iraq Isa Isaa Isaac Isaiah Isha Ishaq Ishmael Ishmaelite Isis Islam Islaam Ismail Isnad Israaeel Israail Israeel Israel Israelite Israfeel Israfil ITV Jacob Jah Jahannam Jaloot Jalut James Jannah Jedi Jehovah Jehovah's Jeremiah Jerusalem Jesus Jethro Jew Jewish Jibreel Jibril Jihad Jihaad Jinn Job John Johns Jonah Jooj Joseph Joshua Judah Judaism Jude Judge Judgement Judges Judgment Judi Juj Karma Keeper Keepers Khair Khalid Khomeini Khushoo Khushu Khutba Khutbah Kindness King Kings Kingdom Kitaab Kitab KJV Kneel Kneeling Knelt Knight Knights Knowledge Koran Kursi Lail Lama Lamb Lament Lamentations Last Latin Law Lawful Layl Learn Learned Learning Lecture Lecturer Left Legend Legendary Legends Lema Lent Leper Lepers Levi Leviticus Liberate Liberation Life Light Limbo List Lo Lodge Logic Logical Lord Loss Lost Lot Love Lover Lovers Loveth Lucifer Luciferianism Luke Lust Lut Lutheran Luxurious Luxury LWT Mad'hab Madinah Magazines Maghrib Magic Magical Magician Magog Mahabharata Mahdi Ma'jooj Ma'juj Majooj Majuj Maker Making Makkah Mala'ika Man Manhaj Manifest Manifestation Mankind Manuscript Mariam Marijuana Mark Maroot Marriage Married Marut Mary Maryam Masjed Masjid Mason Masonic Masonry Mass Masses Master Masters Masterpiece Mathew Mathews Matrimonial Matrimony Matta Meaning Mecca Media Medicine Medina Meditate Meditation Merciful Mercy Merry Message Messenger Messiah Messih Memorized Method Methodist Michael Michaels Mikaa'eel Mikaa'il Mika'eel Mikail Million Minaret Miracle Miracles Miraculous Miriam Misbeliever Mislead Misleading Missionary Mistletoe Moat Modest Modesty Mohammed Monastery Money Monk Monotheism Monotheist Moon Moosa Moral Morality Mormon Morning Moses Mosque Mother Motivation Mount Movement Movie Movies Muhammad Muhammadim Mulk Mu'min Mummy Munkar Musa Museum Mus'haf Muslim Mystery Mystic Mystical Myth Mythology Nabi Naik Nailed Nakeer Nakir Naqshbandi Narrate Narrated Narrating Narrator Narrators Naseeha Nation Nations Nature Nazareth Nazi Nemesis Neo New News Newspapers NF Nicaea Night Nightmare Nile Noah Noble Nobility Nonbeliever Nooh Noon Nuh Numbers Nun Nur O Obedience Obligation Oblivion Oktar Old Olympians Omega One Oneness Opium Ordain Ordained Ordainment Order Original Orphan Orphanage Orthodox Osiris Ouija Pagan Paganism Pain Palestine Palm Pandora Pantheist Pantheism Paper Paradise Passion Passionate Passover Path Patience Patriarch Patrick Patricks Patron Paul Pauls P.B.U.H. PBUH PBUT Peace Pentateuch Pentecost Perish Perished Perseverance Persia Persian Persistence Peter Pharaoh Pharisee Pharisees PHD Philemon Philip Philips Philippians Piety Pig Pious Pilgrim Pilgrimage Pillar Pillars Plan Planners Pleasure Plot Plotted Poetry Polytheism Polytheist Pope Pork Poseidon Possessed Possession Potent Practice Practices Praise Praised Praising Pray Prayer Preach Preacher Preordain Preordained Preordainment Prescribed Pride Priest Priesthood Private Procession Proclaim Procrastinate Procrastination Profane Profess Professor Progressive Prohibit Prohibited Prohibition Project Promised Proof Prophet Prophets Prophethood Prostrate Prostration Protestant Proverbs Psalms Public Publicity Punish Punishment Punk Purity Purpose Pyramid Pyramids Qadr Qareen Qari Qiyaam Qiyaamah Qiyaamul Qiyam Qiyamah Qiyamul Qudsi Qur'an Quran RA Rabbi Racism Radio Raise Raised Rakah Ramadaan Ramadan Ramadhaan Ramadhan Ramayana Ramzan Rasool Rasoul Rasta Rastafari Rastafarian Rasul R.E. Read Reading Reality Rebecca Recital Recite Reciter Recitation Reckoning Redemption Reformed Rehearse Rehearsed Rehearsal Rehearsing Reincarnation Reject Rejection Religion Religious Remnant Repent Repentance Reptile Reptilian Resurrect Resurrection Retribution Reuben Revelation Reversion Revert Reverted Revised Reward Rich Riches Ridwan Right Rights Righteous Righteousness Ring Ritual River Robe Rock Rogation Roman Romans RSV Ruku Ruling Rushdie Ruth Sabachthani Sabr Sacred Sacrifice Sacrificial Sacrilegious Sadaqa Sadaqah Sage Sages Sahabah Sahaabah Saheeh Sahib Sahih Saint Saith Sajda Sajdah Sakeenah Salah Salaah Salaam Salat Saleh Salman Salvation Samuel San Santa Satan Satanic Satanism S.A.W. SAW Sawab Sawarb Sawm Scary Scholar School Science Scientific Scientist Script Scripture Scroll Scrolls Seclusion Second Secular Secularism Sect Seerah Semitic Semitism September Sermon Serpent Servant Seth Seven Sex Sheikh Shahaadah Shahadah Sham Shaolin Shariah Shaykh Shaytan Shaytaan Shepherd Shia Shinto Show Shuaib Sight Sign Signs Sikh Sikhism Similarities Similitude Sin Sing Sins Sinner Sinning Sincere Sincerity Skull SKY Slave Slavery Slaves Slay Slaying Sloth Sobek Society Solidarity Solomon Solution Son Song Sorcery Soul Sovereign Sovereignty Speaker Speakers Speaking Speech Spell Spellbound Spells Spirit Spirits Spirituality Spread St Stable Staff Stage Standard Star Stars Statue Steven Stevens Stigmata Stone Stoning Stories Story Straight Struggle Student Studies Study Studying Submission Submit Success Sufi Sujood Sujud Sulayman Summon Sun Supper Supremacy Sunnah Sunni Sunset Supplication Sura Surah Swastika Swine Sword Symbol Symbolism Synagogue System Tabernacle Tabernacles Tablet Tahleel Tahlil Tahmeed Takbeer Takbir Talk Talmud Taloot Talut Taoism Taqwa Tasbeeh Tasbih Tattoo Taubah Tauheed Tawaaf Tawaf Tawakkul Tawakul Tawareeh Tawbah Tawfeeq Tawheed Teach Teacher Teaching Television Temperance Templar Templars Temple Temporary Temptation Ten Tenets Terminology Test Testament Testimony Text Textual Thawab Thawarb Theatre Thee Theology Theory Thessalonians Third Thou Throne Thug Thuggish Thugs Thy Tidings Titans Titus Tomb Tombs Tombstone Tongues Top Torah Tower Towers Tradition Traditional Traditions Tranquillity Transitory Translation Transliteration Treasure Tree Trial Tribalism Tribe Tribulation Tribulations Tribunal Trinitarian Trinity Tripataka Triune True Truth TV Twenty Ulema Ummah Unbelief Unbeliever Unbelievers Understanding Unjust Uni Unicorn Unique Unitarian Unite Unity Universe University Unto Up Upon Vainglory Valentine Valentines Vedas Verse Verses Version Victory Virgin Virgins Virtue Visual Voodoo Waajib Wajib Wake Wakeup Wa Wal Warming Warning Water Wealth Web Website Wedlock Weed West White Wine Wisdom Wise Witch Witchcraft Witches Witness Word Words Work World Worship Worshiped Worshipping Worst Worthy Wrath Wrong Wrongdoer Wrongdoers WTC Yahya Yaqub Yaseen Yasin Yawm Yawmul Ye Ying-Yang Yoga Yusha Yunus Yusuf Zabur Zakariyya Zakah Zakat Zakir Zechariah Zen Zero Zeus Zikr Zion Zionism Zoroastrianism Zuhr Zulu